To happy endings and new beginnings. Congratulations!
Congratulations on your new bundle of joy.
See? It was all worth it! Right??
Cheering you up with a big smile!
For the home-improvement obsessive in your life.
Inspired? Create and share by tagging @HallmarkStores.
May God bless you on your graduation day.
Wishing you a happy and prosperous Mid-Autumn Festival!
We do not remember days, we remember moments.
Congratulations and best wishes for a succesful future.
Just a little something to show my appreciation.
Thinking of you. May you feel better soon.
May this Easter warm your heart with peace!
You bring joy and love to my life.
So thoughtful of you to think of us.
Thoughts of you always bring me a smile.
Get well soon. Feel better. We miss you!
Take care of yourself and feel better soon.
I blew it. Please give me another chance.
Eat. Drink. Be Merry. Have a wonderful Christmas!
Thank you for making me feel so comfortable
The 18 Very Best Sunscreens for Your Face
Dont burn your mouth. You're already hot enough.
Hope this makes your sweet home even homier.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
It was a pleasure to work with you.
Its a big world out there&go explore it!
Great results come from hard work. Well done!
Hope your hospital stay is a short one.
Just the beginning of successes for you. Congrats!
A warm welcome. Thank you for choosing us!
May the future be filled with much happiness.
You take my breath away...today and every day.
 You'll always be younger than springtime. Happy Birthday!
Wishing you steady improvement until You're well again.
Hope your birthday's as terrific as you are.
Go see something as epic as you are!
Because You're never too old to spend money.
May happiness &amp; love move in with you.
You deserve all the feel-good you can get.
Get what you love, love what you get.
I hope you consider trying to forgive me.
Bless your new life as husband and wife.
Not cooking is the most delicious of all.
Because of you everything is so much nicer
My mother is a walking miracle. Leonardo DiCaprio
The 16 Very Best Moisturizers for Mature Skin
Wishing you a joyous celebration, Selamat Hari Raya!
Sending you good vibes with this gift card!
Drivers, watch the road! Someone just turned 16!
Like a fine wine, you improve with age.
My love for you grows stronger every year.
I hope all your birthday wishes came true.
Warm Easter greetings to you and your family.
A friend is someone you can lean on
Thank you for your encouragement and support always.
To the best [DAD/MOM/GRANDMA] in the whole world..
So you can keep looking better than me.
Just a little something from me to you.
Cheers to you! Cheers to your year ahead!
You both deserve a lifetime of beautiful tomorrows.
Rejoice! He is watching over you this Easter!
May you enjoy a long and wonderful retirement.
Great news! You wont have to return this.
Gift cards: Almost as magical as flying reindeer.
For those his n hers towels. Or something.
Bravo! Your hard work has truly paid off.
Get one of those Home Sweet Home plaques.
Happy Anniversary to the love of my life.
Cant wait for your review of this movie.
Go see another rom-com (on me this time).
May your sorrow be eased by good memories.
Just a cheery note to wish you well.
Happy 13th birthday to the world's best teenager.
Another reason to dress up! (Or dress down!)
Your name has been synonymous with success! Congratulations!
You make the world a more beautiful place.
Wishing you a lifetime of love and happiness.
Congratulations on your new little someone to love.
May God be with you at this time.
Were wishing everything wonderful to a wonderful couple.
You deserve a round of applauseand this, too.
With sincere gratitude for all you have done.
Santa needed help saving space in his sack.
Dream big! (Heres some dream fuel to help.)
Is your birthday wish a gift card? Because
A little holiday treat from your favorite elf!
May you treasure today forever in your memory.
The love you share makes this day special.
Rejoice, Celebrate, and have a very Happy Easter!
Please accept our deepest sympathy and heartfelt thoughts.
Hope your new home is filled with joy.
You have no item in your shopping cart.
For the person currently subsidizing five different streamers.
For the ecoconscious person with a KN95 subscription.
For the person who loves classic leather goods.
Today is for remembering the happy times you've known.
Have fun getting your little cutie all geared up!
Find a song to get stuck in your head.
For the thing that wouldnt fit on Santas sleigh.
Hope youll be in the best of health soon.
Get that dish you love! With food on it!
Congratulations on the birth of you new baby [BOY/GIRL]
Hoping each new day will find you feeling better.
May you create countless memories in your new home.
I hope this comes in handy on your adventure!
Your thoughtfulness meant more than words can ever say.
Send me a postcard with a kitten on it.
Congratulations, and best of luck in your future endeavors.
Welcome aboard! Its good to have you with us.
Thinking of you and wishing you a happy day.
When God shuts a door, he opens a window.
Love is a good reason for a gift card.
May your love bring happiness to all your days.
I never know what to get you&but you do!
Hope youll be feeling frisky again in no time.
Hope this helps bring a smile to your day.
Beautiful people like you deserve a beautiful home. Congratulations!
Your love is all I need to feel complete.
A little something for you and the little one!
For laughing at all my text reactions in meetings.
Your business is appreciated. Thank you for choosing us.
You get better with every year. Happy 50th birthday!
With best wishes for a lifetime of happiness together.
Not just a year older, but a year better.
Caps in the air like you just dont care.
Happy Birthday and many happy returns of the day.
Ihope your birthday was as special as you are.
And so... The adventure begins! Congratulations on your graduation!
Its wonderful sharing with a good friend like you.
How sweet it is to be loved by you!
Think of the years as gold bullion...and you're rich!
Gift card? Bacon? It was a really tough decision.
May you create countless memories in your new home.
With you it's Valentine's Day 365 days a year.
May all your days be filled with lasting love.
Words are so inadequate at a time like this.
You have 12 days of Christmas to spend this.
Not once did I ever doubt you'd make it.
Christmas is the day that holds all time together.
Merry Christmas and Happy New ! [shoes, jeans, etc.]
Good results are attained through hard work. Happy graduation!
Our sympathy and warmest thoughts are with you now.
It is a rare friendship that feels forever new.
You eat food, right? I know you so well.
Travel money for your trip to happily ever after.
Someone is turning the BIG 3 - 0! Celebrate!
Have a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year.
Presents are like noses: better to pick them yourself!
I am bad at gifts! (But you know this.)
Offering my/our sincerest condolences to you and your family
There are all kinds of good things in store!
After 10 years, I still feel like we're newlyweds.
Im more thankful than mere words can ever tell
May a river of gold flow into your pockets.
Warm, brown elixir of life, we pray to thee.
You have worked hard; now enjoy reaping the benefits!
We appreciate your business and your confidence in us.
Hope youll be improving with each and every day.
Thank You! Your business means the world to us.
A beautiful soul deserves beautiful things in life. Congratulations!
Sending you Christmas cheer that lasts throughout the year!
With friendly thoughts and best wishes for your birthday.
Trust methis is better than me shopping for you!
Your love and wisdom have always helped guide me.
You are missed! Get well soon and hurry back.
Wishing your family a happy and healthy life together.
Suitable for Valentine's Day, Anniversary, Sweetest Day, Just Because...
For those looking to expand their Bushwick Birkin collection.
An especially good last-minute gift for the hard-to-shop-for teenager.
You can use this next time Im being really annoying.
Sorry I missed you. Hope to talk with you soon.
I hope your birthday was all that you hoped for.
Just a note to keep in touch. Lets talk soon.
Happy 100th birthday. You're an inspiration to all of us.
In loving memory of [NAME], [HE/SHE] will be missed dearly.
To my wife, my soul mate, my love, my life.
Hope your recovery is a speedy one. We miss you!
Enjoy the flowers, I'm sending them just because you're you.
For a cute outfit, plus maybe one for the baby.
How your home has been blessed with a new baby.
Hope your new home is as special as you are.
One father is more than a hundred schoolmasters. George Herbert
Thank you for taking the time to meet with me.
I am delighted with your success. Congratulations for this achievement!
Hoping you two are blessed with many more years together.
Im there for you on rough days and spa days.
If I know what love is, its because of you.
Because a bottle of wine wouldnt fit in the envelope.
Wishing you a Happy Birthday and many more to come.
May love always live in the home that you share.
Our thoughts are with you in this time of sorrow.
May your degree unlock many doors to well deserved success.
Hoping this finds you well on the way to recovery.
Sending loads of love your way for a speedy recovery!
Another year older and another reason to celebrate! Happy Birthday!
Its better than me trying to shop for you, right?
Get yourself some brain food. (Yes, pizza is brain food.)
Happy Valentines Day to the most beautiful woman I know.
Heres to your dreams of being an elite home cook.
So glad to work with you. Consider this a bonus!
The worlds a better place because of people like you.
Get something for yourself next time you go to Hallmark.
Sharing in your happiness and wishing you all the best.
Wishing you a beautiful day and many more happy years.
Thank you, your thoughtfulness really put sunshine in my day.
How beautiful a day can be when kindness touches it.
Cheers on your birthday. One step closer to adult underpants.
Consider this your permission slip for a mini shopping spree.
Congratulations on achieving a milestone. Here's to a great future.
You always go out of your way to be thoughtful.
Now you can get all the gift-card cards you want!
Best wishes for today and every day in the future.
Mi Amor, Te amo! [SPANISH: "My love, I love you"]
Hoping the best things in life will always be yours.
It's not a special occasion. But you're a special person.
I'll never forgive myself...but I'm hoping you will. I'm sorry.
Wishing you a happy and peaceful Eid! Selamat Hari Raya!
I send a kiss inside the petals of each rose...
Congratulations on your retirement. Best wishes for a great future.
Words can say so little when someones done so much.
Here's a toast to you on your 21st birthday! Cheers!
My/Our sympathy and thoughts are with you and your family.
We are born of love; love is our mother. Rumi
May the promise of Easter fill your heart with joy!
I wont judge if you spend it all on Cheetos.
I hope all your birthday dreams and wishes come true.
May your new little girl/boy bring you joy and happiness.
With heartfelt sympathy. You are in my thoughts and prayers.
May your home be filled with Hanukkah light and love.
You're on the right path to a wonderful life. Congratulations!
Get ya some sugar! (With a little coffee added in.)
This comes with all my best thoughts for your recovery.
My thoughts are with you at your time of need
Just a little something to say Im thinking of you.
You've stolen my heart. I know it's in good hands.
Thank you for making your guests feel right at home.
Hoping this adds a little extra happy to your holidays.
Something hot for someone&who has a lot of nice qualities.
Give the gift of no-makeup makeup and glowing winter skin.
For the avid reader who likes to support small businesses.
Nothing says, I care quite like covering someones grocery delivery.
For the person who cant stop reading our tech reviews.
We wish you all the happiness the coming years can hold.
Its so nice sharing special moments with a friend like you.
Many loving and caring thoughts as you recover. Get well soon!
Your kindness comes as a welcome touch of warmth and caring
Doesnt come close to showing you how grateful I really am.
Trust me, this is better than a home-cooked meal from me.
You're in my thoughts and I thought I'd let you know.
Thanks for your patience, your loving words, your kindness, your friendship
Your thoughtfulness is appreciated so much more than words can say.
I promise not to grade you on how you spend this.
May this new year bring you good health and good fortune.
Wishing you another wonderful year of happiness and joy. Happy Birthday!
May the joy You're sharing now grow deeper day by day.
Our thoughts are with you. Get well soon! Thinking of you.
I hope you have a most happy and prosperous New Year.
Its great to see good things happen for someone so deserving.
My heart is reaching out to you in sympathy and prayer.
You always do the nicest things in just the nicest way.
You chose each other. Now you get to choose a gift!
May the joy you share today grow deeper through the years.
I know  life isnt fair sometimes. Im here and I care.
May God bless you and keep you in His loving care.
Please accept our condolences on the loss of your [MOTHER/FATHER/OTHER RELATION].
College throws a lot at you at once. Hope this helps.
May the Festival of Lights lend a glow to your year.
We share in your celebration of the new life you created!
I hurt you, but I didnt mean to Please forgive me!
You may be over the hillbut at least you're still climbing!
Wishing you lots of luck and happiness in the year ahead.
Hope your surgery [GOES/WENT] well, and that your recovery is quick!
Happy birthday! You don't get older, you get better. Shirley Bassey
May your memories be a source of comfort at this time.
Happy birthday, friend. May your day be as beautiful as you.
A girl is all God has which to make a woman.
Were so happy about the arrival of your bundle of joy.
Get yourself a double whatever with an extra shot of something.
This is for that one time when that one thing happened.
You dont have to buy me a thank-you card with this.
Thank you for the privilege and opportunity to work with you.
Because itll be a while before You're makin the big bucks.
Thanks for thinking of me. Your referral is very much appreciated.
May this special day be filled with joy, love and laughter.
Our thoughts are with you. Get well soon! Thinking of you.
May the promise of Easter fill you with peace and joy!
Happy Easter! Happy Spring! Thanks for all the joy you bring!
If I had to do it all over again, I wouldn't.
Dont spend this one on the kids. Its all for you!
Thanks for squeezing me in. I know how busy you are.
Wishing you happiness and joy in this new life you share.
Now you can buy something when You're up at 3 a.m.
Wishing you every happiness as you celebrate the love you share
Congratulations! May your dreams always be big and your worries small.
A mothers arms are more comforting than anyone elses. Princess Diana
Look what the bunny found in the carrot patch! Happy Easter!
Happy Valentines Day to the most special person in my life.
You may be out of sight, but never out of mind.
You are my angel sent from Heaven above. Happy Valentine's Day
Sending you well wishes for your quick recovery and good health.
A hug...a kiss...and lots of love for you on [MOTHER'S/FATHER'S/GRANDPARENTS] Day.
Well done! This is the first. Keep reaching for the stars!
Wishing you good fortune and happiness on this amazing Mid-Autumn day!
Friendship keeps hearts in touch. Thank you for being my friend.
Congratulations on finding each other! Your greatest adventure has just begun.
My hero, my helper, my friend, my dad. Happy Fathers Day!
You both deserve the very best that life can bring you.
I miss you, so I am sending you a floral hug!
May all the love you've come to know continue to grow.
If they prefer train travel, there's also an Amtrak gift card.&nbsp;
For anyone who might appreciate some especially colorful new home goods.
For the person who has been a jet-setter since getting vaccinated.
For the person who takes remote work to whole new level.
Thanks for being a couple of role models of marriage. Happy Anniversary.
Wish I could be there to give this to you myselfmiss you!
A diamond is a piece of coal that stuck to the job.
Merry Christmas! May your happiness be large and your bills be small.
Thank you for trusting us. We look forward to exceeding your expectations!
Every time I see you, I fall in love all over again.
Best wishes for a joyous Christmas filled with love, happiness and prosperity!
Stay strong. It might be stormy now, but it cant rain forever.
Life doesn't come with a manual, it comes with a mother. Unknown
Im sending a bunch of happies to say Have a cheerful day!
Mother, the ribbons of your love are woven around my heart. Anonymous
We wish you a very Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!
May all the dreams You're dreaming soon turn into dreams come true.
Dont blow it all on popcorn! Or do. Its your choice really.
Thank you for your valued business. Look forward to serving you again.
&lt;&Not precisely equal to my exact level of gratitude&but its a start.
This is a big deal. Now go spend like a big deal.
Sending my best wishes to make you feel better. Get well soon!
Our family wishes you love, joy and peace  today, tomorrow and always.
Heard that you've been under the weather. Hope things clear up soon.
Being in love with you makes every morning worth getting up for.
Every time you see these blooms, remember someone is thinking of you!
Sorry I forgot the most important day of the year... your Birthday!
Happy Anniversary - My love for you grows with each passing year.
Let me guess&You're going to see a movie where stuff blows up.
A little late-night shopping with a gift card never hurt anyone (probably).
I would hate for our friendship to be lost. Please forgive me.
Wishing you good life, luck and may all your wishes come true
Life began with waking up and loving my mother's face. George Eliot
Its hard to tell who is luckier, you or your new baby.
May the love and happiness you feel today shine through the years.
Many thanks for being our customer for years. We value that relationship.
Because you've always been the one who could pick out great gifts.
Im not great at coming up with gifts. Thank goodness Im sexy.
You're a Hallmark card personified, so I had to get you this.
Parenthood is one of the best journeys in life. Enjoy the ride.
Happy Valentines Day. You are amazing in every way! I love you!
Just want to add my good wishes to those you've already received.
Many thanks for your inquiry. Im sure we can meet your needs.
A new house is a dream come true. Congrats for the same.
God could not be everywhere, and therefore he made mothers. Rudyard Kipling
Life is the flower for which love is the honey.  Victor Hug
Hoping this finds you well on the way to a speedy recovery.
Day and everyday, hope you know how much you're loved.
Coffee! It's like having a great friend around when Im not there.
We may not have it altogether but together we have it all!
How happy you must be with a new little son/daughter to love.
A boy is all God has with which to make a man.
For the person who scorched all their pans learning how to cook.
For your friend whos been carrying around the same wallet since college.
Winter boot season is coming. Don't leave them out in the cold.
So they can upgrade to linen sheets or get a new bathrobe.
For your friend who always has a Slow Burn candle on deck.
For the person who spends all their money on their pet anyway.
We love Brooklinens linen bedding, as well as its oh-so-soft cotton sheets.
For the person who likes their clothing to come with Amazon-fast shipping.
For the person whos thoroughly enjoying their New York Times Cooking subscription.
With this gift card, they can choose their own luxury shopping adventure.
Don't just count your years, make your years count. Happy birthday! George Meredith
Thank you for being my biggest supporter. I couldn't do it without you.
Frogs and snails and puppy-dogs' tails, that's what little boys are made of.
Roses are red. Violets are blue. Carnations are sweet. And so are you!
I know I love ya&but I dont always know what to get ya.
Another trip around the sun calls for a trip to your favorite restaurant.
Wishing you the beauty of spring and the spirit of love this Easter!
Wishing you eight days of peace and happiness! (and lots of potato pancakes!)
We are super proud of your accomplishments. Heartiest congratulation on your graduation day.
Happy birthday to the greatest gift I have ever received. I love you!
Making the impossible into possible is your own style. Congrats for your success!
I may find my prince, but my dad will alwaysbe my king. Unknown
Thank you for your friendship, your business and the opportunity to serve you.
Sorry I forgot your birthday. Can you reschedule it for sometime next week?
Just in case you ever get tired of [Kirksville]. Hey, it could happen.
Thank you for your order. Continuing to serve you will be a pleasure.
Thanks for your time. If you need anything, dont hesitate to call me.
The power of a dad in a childs life is unmatched. Justin Ricklefs
We have been praying for you lately, and you are in our thoughts.
Hoping you find strength with each new day. You are in our thoughts.
Looking at your success, it gives me the inspiration to do more. Congratulations.
Best wishes on this wonderful journey, as you build your new lives together.
Your wedding day will come and go, but may your love forever grow.
Some people don't believe in heroes, but they haven't met my dad. Unknown
Makes you want to do nice things for me all the time, right?
Warmest greetings on your birthday with every good wish for the coming year.
Hope you enjoy the festivities and have a great time! Selamat Hari Raya!
May every year you share find you more in love with each other.
Selamat Hari Raya Aidilfitri! Wishing you a joyous celebration and prosperous days ahead.
Words are inadequate at a time like this. Please accept my heartfelt sympathy.
Hoping these words of sympathy will comfort you in your time of sorrow.
Good times are around the corner and youll be just fine. Cheer up!
The heart of a father is the masterpiece of nature. Antoine Francois Prevost
You're so thoughtful, I got you something to help you keep doing that.
This Christmas, may your family be functional and all your batteries be included
Dad, your guiding hand on my shoulder will remain with me forever. Unknown
Happy Valentine's Day! Remember not to eat too much candy you're sweet enough already.
I couldnt log on to your registry because I forget every password ever.
I know I have [HURT YOU/YOUR FEELINGS] - please accept my sincerest apologies.
We are so happy for you and the arrival of your new child.
So sorry You're dealing with so much! Hope this makes things 1% better.
If I know what love is, it is because of you. Hermann Hesse
Hope your special day is made up of sharing warm and happy memories.
you've got all that learning. Heres a little something to go with it!
Just a little thanks for the big way you showed up for me.
Best wishes on your birthday for good health and happiness throughout the year.
We value your trust and confidence and appreciate your loyalty as a customer
Congratulations on your wedding day and best wishes for a happy life together!
I am so grateful for all you do, I can't thank you enough.
Today is a very special day for sending all my love your way!
It is inspirational to witness hard work finally give birth to success. Congratulations!
Your business is sincerely appreciated. We look forward to continuing to serve you.
I was in college once, so I knew just what to get you.
May your life be as colourful and shimmering as the lights of Diwali!
Many thanks for referring  to me. Ill make sure he/she gets VIP service.
So they can treat themselves to some sculpting shapewear or some cozy loungewear.
For the person whose art is tacked to the wall with push pins.
Gift cards are even better when they come in a little blue box.
Wherever they're going in 2023, you'll be part of helping them get there.
Because they can never have too many sets of sheets or guest towels.
Let them pick a matching set or a new slate of workout gear.
Wishing you prosperity in business, peace in your life and happiness in your home.
Keep smiling and one day life will get tired of upsetting you! Cheer up!
Please accept these flowers and hear the words we are not able to speak
No music is so pleasant to my ears as that wordfather. Lydia Maria Child
Congratulations on the new home! May it bring lot more happiness in coming years.
May God hold you in His arms and heal the sorrow that you feel.
Mazel tov on your Bar Mitzvah! [Send to a 13 year old Jewish boy]
May this festival of light bring peace, prosperity and happiness to all. Happy Diwali!
Mazel tov on your Bat Mitzvah! [Send to a 13 year old Jewish girl]
There is so little one can say, but my heart goes out to you.
There is only one happiness in life: to love and be loved.  George Sand
The waiting is finally over and you have a bundle of joy to love.
Best wishes for a little progress and a little encouragement everyday during your recuperation.
Wish I could turn back the time and make things right Please forgive me!
Congratulations on your new bundle of joy! May your world be filled with love.
May your business flourish and bring you lots of joy in the new year.
I hope that for every candle on your cake you get a wonderful surprise.
Good fathers do three things: they provide, they nurture and they guide. Roland Warren
Hope your day is sunshine and flowers with happy thoughts to fill the house.
F-antastic, A-wesome, T-errific, H-onorable, E-xcellent, R-emarkable. This sums up my dad. Happy Fathers Day!
Praying that you get well soon and experience the joys of being healthy again.
Happy Birthday! You have to get older, but you dont have to grow up.
Happy Valentines day, my special one. Your love makes me feel over the moon.
Wishing you a season thats merry and bright with the light of Gods love.
I hope you can use this on something you need for your new place!
My life just wouldn't be the same without you in it. I love you.
I am sorry I missed your birthday. you've had so many I lost track.
My thoughts and prayers are on you as you go through this challenging time.
Turning a year older calls for a little splurge, am I right? (Im right.)
May the joy and love you give away, return to you this [MOTHER'S/FATHER'S/GRANDPARENTS] Day!
You dont have to spend this on lingerie. Im just saying if you wanna
A hundred hearts would be too few to carry all my love for you.
Gourmet dinners. There are people for this. Not me, but you know, other people.
Will these flowers let me out of the doghouse? I'm sorry. Let's make up.
Selamat Hari Raya Aidilfitri! Wishing you and your family a prosperous and blessing celebration.
Your love is the best Christmas gift I could ever receive. Merry Christmas, sweetheart!
Roses are red, violets are blue, I am so happy that I love you!
I'll miss celebrating with you this Christmas. Eat a few extra cookies for me!
Are you a banana? Because I find you a-peel-ing. Happy Valentine's Day my love.
It was a pleasure talking with you. I hope we can speak again soon.
Sincerest thanks for your valued business. Look forward to working with you again soon!
Trust methis is better than the 60 cats I was going to get you.
Reaching this milestone wasnt an easy task. But you did it. My heartiest congratulations.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. Congratulations!
Thank you for the referral. Your confidence and trust in us is sincerely appreciated.
Please accept these flowers in place of the words I said. I'm truly sorry.
Thank you for referring  to our firm. We sincerely appreciate your confidence in us.
May you and your family enjoy years of happy times in your new home.
You deserve the best. Which is why I didnt try to shop for you.
For the shopper who looks forward to Nordstroms reliably good Half-Yearly and Anniversary sales.
Whether they want a statement necklace or an everyday earring, Mejuri has them covered.
The moms and mothers-in-law on your list will love fresh flowers delivered every month.
A particularly thoughtful gift for your friend who uses their oven to store shoes.
Here's a housewarming gift for the friend getting ready to decorate their next space.
Simply  and perfectly  designed T-shirts, casual pants, sweaters, and accessories for men and women.
Let them choose between a luxury handbag, a makeup set, or really great jeans.
Hope this helps get you that thing that brings the cozy to your new place.
Our deepest sympathy to you and your family. From all your friends at [BUSINESS NAME]
Life being a journey, Success has brought you many miles ahead of many people. Congratulations.
May your new home be a special place to live, to love and to grow.
I hate fighting, and I'm sorry for my part of this one! Please forgive me.
To you, gift wrapping is an art. So heres a little something for art supplies.
We know that you have a world full of choices, Thank You for selecting us.
Love is something eternal; the aspect may change, but not the essence.  Vincent van Gogh
Selamat Hari Raya! May you and your loved ones be blessed with happiness and peace!
You are the pillar of strength and fountain of wisdom to me, my Dad. Unknown
At this important milestone in your life, congratulations and best wishes for your continuing success.
Sending loads of hugs and kisses. I hope they make you feel happy and healthy.
Happy Silver Wedding Anniversary! After 25 years, you still make my heart skip a beat.
A father is someone you look up to no matter how tall you grow. Unknown
How do you expect me to remember your birthday, when you never look any older?
To another Valentine's Day spent with the love of my life, and to many more.
Expressing sympathy is always difficult, but all we can say is how sorry we are.
You are too far away from me now, but you stay close in my thoughts.
Sending hugs, kisses and this little gift to let you know Im thinking of you!
Congratulations on your new home and all of the memories that it will soon house.
I am wishing you a great sense of accomplishment as you celebrate your hard work.
Sugar and spice and all that's nice, that's what little girls are made of. Congratulations!
No matter the distance between our homes, the distance between our hearts will never change.
Of all the rights of women, the greatest is to be a mother. Lin Yutang
I love you just as much as I did on our wedding day. Happy anniversary.
you've got great taste in music, so you should know what to do with this.
Sending warm greetings and sincere wishes for a happy and prosperous Raya. Selamat Hari Raya!
When it rains, it pours but soon, the sun shines again. Better days are ahead.
A mother is the one who fills your heart in the first place. Amy Tan
You are the best thing that ever happened to me. Happy Valentines day, my happiness.
Even though your family feels so complete&I thought you might be able to use this.
There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved. George Sand
You're so great Im really glad you turned out to be MY dad!Happy Fathers Day!
Help the cord cutter in your life upgrade to Hulu+, which comes with live TV.
For the friend who loves going to see their favorite artists and teams play live.
Gift them a gift card for all conceivable forms of tech, home appliances, and more.&nbsp;
Budding beauty bloggers would flip over a gift card from the makeup and scent emporium.
May the Festival of Lights bring blessings upon you and all your loved ones. Happy Hanukkah!
Let's make this Diwali joyous and bright, Let's celebrate in true sense this Festival of Light!
Thank you for your continued business. We look forward to working with you in the future.
When the whole world left, you were there with open arms. Thanks for being my friend!!
Thanks from all of us for  years of your business. We look forward to many more.
I hate to see you feeling blue so here is my get well wish to you.
We may not have it altogether but together we have it all! Please lets start over.
Congratulations for the new nest. May the warmth of new home keep you all happy always.
I was feeling defensive and when I feel defensive, sometimes I say things I don't mean.
May the comfort of friends and family be your strength for today and the days ahead.
If I told you to "Get Well Soon," it wouldn't be soon enough. Get Well Now.
Happy Mid-Autumn Festival! May the round moon bring you a happy family and a successful future.
You are in my thoughts. If there is anything I can do, please let me know.
I want you to know that I am here for you at this time of grieving
[NAME] will always be in our hearts and memories. With Sympathy, The [YOUR LAST NAME] Family
I would choose you again and again. Happy Valentine's Day to the woman of my dreams.
Thinking of youhope all is well. Let me know if I can help in any way.
Hope this Mooncake Festival is the beginning of of all that is the brightest for you.
Thank you for bringing so much love, joy, and adventure into my life. I love you.
The hand that rocks the cradle, is the hand that rules the world. W. R. Wallace
Health, wealth and endless joy is what I wish for you and your family this year.
To the world you are a mother, but to your family you are the world. Unknown
We know you have a world full of choices and appreciate that you have selected us.
Thank you for meeting with me. If you need anything, Im only a phone call away.
To the world, you may be one person, but to one person you are the world.
Happy Valentines day, my dearest. May the love you spread find its way back to you.
With every good wish for your retirement. May this be the start of your best years.
You were smart enough to do THAT, so you can figure out how to spend THIS.
Thinking of you and your family and wishing you all a year that outshines the rest.
Our deepest sympathies during your time of loss. Please know that we are here for you.
Happy Anniversary! Thank you for being a part of our success now and in the future.
Dream big - Reach far - Shine brightly - You're a star, Congratulations on your Graduation!
All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother. Abraham Lincoln
A lifelong search has reached an end. I've found both my love and my best friend.
Wishing you all the goodness in the world and all the  this gift card can buy.
The stationery obsessive in your life is bound to go wild over Ban.dos stickers and notebooks.
Yes, for all the crocheted trivets (and face planters and dumpling lights) their heart could desire.
Give your workout buddy the chance to try something new with a gift card to ClassPass.
Who doesn't love buttery soft fabric, comfortable workout attire and cool athleisure? We know we do!
Wishing you all the best in this exciting new stage of your lives with your new baby.
You were there for me when I needed you the most! Thank you for being my friend!
May it help in some way to know that friends are sharing the sorrow of your heart.
May God hold you in the palm of His hand and comfort you with His everlasting love.
May your love story be as magical and charming as in fairy tales! Congratulations on the wedding!
Any man can be a father, but it takes someone special to be a Dad. Anne Geddes
Thank you for being there every day with just the love and guidance Ive needed.Happy Fathers Day!
Relax and sleep well in your new abode. Hope it proves a great place of comfort. Congrats!
No tape can ever measure, the extent to which a child can become a parents treasure. Congratulations.
Our thoughts and prayers are with you during this difficult time. We are sorry for your loss.
A father so handsome, a mom so pretty  no wonder your newborn is such a sweetie. Congratulations.
Sending you my warm wishes full of love, peace and prosperity on Hari Raya Aidilfitri. Salam Aidilfitri!
I wish I could be there with you. Know that you are with me in my thoughts.
Happy Valentines day 2022. May you celebrate love not only this one day but throughout the year.
Heres to a Valentines Day filled with good wine, good food and especially good friends like you.
We appreciate the opportunity to serve you. Please call me whenever I can be of further service.
You're a gift in my life. And not the kind Id return for store credit. Merry Christmas!
May the glow of the moon surround you and light your way to health, happiness and prosperity.
To the most amazing woman who I am lucky enough to call my wife, Happy Valentine's Day.
Heartfelt congratulations to a perfect pair! Here's to a beautiful couple and a lifetime of wonderful memories.
We've both grown together through these years. I am looking forward to maturing even more with you.
A new baby is like the beginning of all things - wonder, hope, a dream of possibilities.
Love doesnt make the world go round. Love is what makes the ride worthwhile.  Franklin P. Jones
Just so you know, I have faith in you. Youll be okay. You're stronger than you know.
I love you more than I have ever found a way to say to you.  Ben Folds
Selamat Hari Raya Aidilfitri! May this season of forgiveness bring peace to fill your heart and home.
Bright moon and stars twinkling and shining, wishing you a Mooncake Festival full of bliss and happiness!
Congratulations on making all of us proud of you. We are so happy for you my dear.
May your new home be filled with love and laughter, good fortune, the sunshine, and happiness. Congratulations!
I can't thank you enough, so please accept my flowers as a small token of my appreciation.
Im so sorry for hurting your feelings - I take back my words! Hope youll forgive me!
Accept my congratulations from the bottom of my heart. I am proud to be your friend. Congratulations!
May your family be showered with health and prosperity. Wishing you a blessed and joyous Hari Raya!
A birthday is just the first day of another 365-day journey around the sun. Enjoy the trip.
They can spend it on the latest games and entertainment like movies, TV, music, apps, and more.&nbsp;
A gift card to Gorjana is an invitation to pick earrings or rings they'll never take off.
Any sporty  and sustainable  giftee will love shopping Girlfriend Collectives collection of athleisure made from water bottles.
For that sports bra, yoga mat, or some mens pants that are just as flattering on women.
A gift that everyone from your Billie Eilish superfan niece to your Dead Head uncle will enjoy.
Reds, whites, and ross delivered straight to their door are perfect for the hostess on your list.
Whether theyre looking for a new pair of hoops or an engagement ring, Mejuri has it all.
Dads are most ordinary men turned by love into heroes, adventurers, story-tellers and singers of song. -Pam Brown
Our love is a journey, with a beginning but no end. We will walk the path together forever.
Love is a promise, love is a souvenir, once given never forgotten, never let it disappear.  John Lennon
Do not seek the becausein love there is no because, no reason, no explanation, no solutions. Anais Nin
A simple celebration, a gathering of friends; here is wishing you great happiness, a joy that never ends.
Merry Christmas! I put so much thought into your gift that now it's too late to get it.
By the time this reaches you I hope youll be well on the road to a speedy recovery.
If anything in the world is everlasting, it is my love for you. Happy Valentines day my love.
May your new bundle of joy bring happiness in your life and fill a void in your heart.
Mother's love is the fuel that enables a normal human being to do the impossible. Marion C. Garretty
If love is sweet as a flower, then my mother is that sweet flower of love. Stevie Wonder
May lifes brightest joys illuminate your path, and may each days journey bring you closer to your dreams!
May the joy of this festive season light your life with love, peace and hope. Selamat Hari Raya!
It may be possible to gild pure gold, but who can make his mother more beautiful? Mahatma Gandhi
Now is the time to enjoy all the things you never had time to do when you worked.
Love is a promise, love is a souvenir, once given never forgotten, never let it disappear. John Lennon
Let us raise a toast for a happy and healthy future. Wishing you a very blessed Mid-Autumn Day!
You're now a team of two. Congrats on an unbeatable union! Wishing you a happy and successful marriage.
My father gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person, he believed in me. Jim Valvano
Life is too short for us to dwell on sadness. Cheer up and live life to the fullest.
A mother is a woman who shows you the light when you just see the dark. Grimaldos Robin
For the movie buff whose idea of a perfect Saturday is sneaking into three screenings in a row.
Brooklinen is also offering e-gift cards, to snag their very own luxury sheets, bedding, towels, loungewear and more.
57Hours will help your recipient plan everything from ski day trips to a 21-day mountaineering expedition in Argentina.
Every product is independently selected by (obsessive) editors. Things you buy through our links may earnus a commission.
Were fans of Instagram-friendly cookware brand Our Place, which makes some of our favorite do-it-all pots and pans.
Let them select the location and the company, but you'll foot the bill for their next great adventure.&nbsp;
Shipping perishables can be logistically difficult, but a Milk Bar gift card wont go bad in the mail.
If you want to get them a sweater you know they'll love, let them pick it out themselves.
Whether they want a Super Puff or TikTok-famous vegan-leather pants, this gift card will help get them there.
Or go with an Airbnb gift card if theyve already accrued enough airline miles to last a lifetime.
Every editorial product is independently selected. If you buy something through our links,New Yorkmay earn an affiliate commission.
Whatever they spend this on, you can be sure they'll get something great that'll last them for years.&nbsp;
Every product is independently selected by (obsessive) editors. Things you buy through our links may earn usa commission.
May this Hari Raya celebration be the brightest and best you ever had... Wishing you a sparkling Hari Raya!
Some are dreamers, some are talented. You are both. May you achieve more success ahead. Congratulations on this success.
All of my heart, I send to you. All of my life, I'll spend with you. I love you!
I thank God every day for making me a part of your life. Happy Valentines Day my better half!
Thank you for the memories of yesterday, for the happiness today, and the promise of all tomorrows! Happy Anniversary!
If you want to spend part of this on your favorite family member, who am I to stop you?
A mother is not a person to lean on, but a person to make leaning unnecessary. Dorothy Canfield Fisher
I wish that your career and life, just like the round moon on Mid-Autumn Day, be bright and perfect.
Marriage is so beautiful. You have finally found that one person you get to annoy all through your life.
Wish you a very happy Diwali, may this festival of light always enlighten the path of success for you!
Without you I am nothing, with you I am everything. Thank you to be my everything. Happy Valentines Day!
It's still a mystery to me, I haven't got a clue, how I got so lucky and found you!
I wish there was a word more than love itself to convey what I feel for you. Faraaz Kazi
I love you for not only who you are, but for who I am when I am with you
Dad, my kids say I am a good father; I know I got it from you. Happy Fathers Day.
Happy New Year! You make our family so proud, and we wish you nothing but continued success and happiness.
May this success lead to a greater achievement in the years to come. Congratulations for present and upcoming successes.
Only mothers can think of the future - because they give birth to it in their children. Maxim Gorky
Here's to you twowishing my two favorite lovebirds a lifetime of happiness and love. Congrats on a beautiful wedding!
Congratulations to the new parents for entering into the world of constant squeals, nappy changes and late night meals.
Adoption is when a child grew in its mommy's heart instead of her tummy. Congratulations on your new arrival!
Get them this gift card, then send them our guide to all the best things to buy at Nike.
Dont know their size? Dont worry. Size-inclusive label Universal Standard will have them covered from size 00 to 40.
Gift them a Hulu gift card so they can watch all their favorites from under a pile of blankets.&nbsp;
From movies to audiobooks to TV shows, your loved one has many options with a Google Play gift card.
Choose from a variety of holiday-themed cards so they can browse colorful, bohemian housewares before finding their dream gift.
Outdoor Voices is home to lots of fashion-forward athletic apparel, from the famed exercise dress to skorts and leggings.&nbsp;&nbsp;
This super soft bamboo brand has bedding, loungewear and more that all make perfect gifts they can choose themselves.
The newly engaged couple on your list will be overjoyed with whatever dent this makes in their wedding expenses.
So they dont have to use their parents account to watch The Great British Baking Show or The Watcher.
They can get a Strategist-approved puffy laptop case, a chic leather bucket bag, or the classic reusable nylon tote.
Give the gift of Skims with this special gift card. Now, your recipient can choose whatever their heart desires.
Studs is a perennial Strategist favorite for its wide range of funky earring designs that wont break the bank.
No matter how tough things are, I have so much faith in you. You are amazing and will be okay.
I am sorry you are not feeling well. I am praying for you to have a complete and quick recovery
Happy Valentines Day to the truest and most beautiful soul I know. May your day fills with love and laughter.
Congratulations to proud new parents! May these tiny feet will tiptoe with love into your hearts and stay there forever!
One of the most glorious messes in the world is the mess created in the living room on Christmas Day.
Graduation is a time for celebration, a time of reflection, and a time look ahead. Wishing you a bright future.
They say the best Christmas gifts come from the heart  but cash and gift cards do wonders too! Happy Holidays!
We are simply one soul in two-body; may our love grow stronger with the days passing by. Happy valentines day.
You are the sun to my sky and the color of my life. I love you to infinity and beyond.
Recovery is hard workbut You're not alone. Not a day goes by that you arent thought of and wished well.
If they love candles but you're not sure of what scents they like, they can choose their own at Otherland.
Nike also lets you pick from a swath of gift card designs, including team themes for the Lakers and Knicks.&nbsp;
From blobby candles to gradient puzzles, there are tons of cool home and lifestyle items to choose from at Areaware.
Great Joness good-looking cookware has been approved by multiple experts for its durability and how easy it is to clean.
With this gift card, they can download the latest games and add-ons, watch movies, and more from their PlayStation 4.&nbsp;
When You're at a complete loss, a gift card to Amazon really does allow them to do all the deciding.
If &trendy clothes& is their middle name, consider getting them a gift card to H&amp;M. The style finds are limitless.
This website requires cookies for full functionality. By continuing to use the site, you agree to our use of cookies.
Most people won't have too much trouble putting Uber credit to good use, whether they're going out or ordering in.
From jewelry to clothing and home decor, the online marketplace surely has something unique that'll fit the bill for them.
You're the twinkle in my eye, you're the song in my laugh, you're the light in my smile. You're my everything.
I love you today, as I did from the start. I'll love you forever, with all of my heart. Happy Anniversary!
Its that time of year for feasting, celebrating and looking forward to a happy and prosperous year ahead. Enjoy every moment!
Success, progress, prosperity, peace, health, wealth, happiness, and love. May all these embrace you upon your move into your new home.
Graduation is a time to celebrate your achievements, prepare for a future of opportunities and embrace a world of infinite possibilities.
You know when You're in love when you cant fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams. Dr. Seuss
I realized when you look at your mother, you are looking at the purest love you will ever know. Mitch Albom
How can I begin to say I'm sorry. I didn't mean to upset you. I hope that you can forgive me.
Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope.  Maya Angelou
Happiness is in the air; it's Diwali everywhere; let's show some love and care to everyone out there. Have ajoyous Diwali!
Wishing you and family a warm and blessed Aidilfitri, showered with love and happiness, with laughters and joy! Selamat Hari Raya!
Pair it with a bottle of wine, popcorn, and some warm and fuzzy socks for a perfect night spent at home.&nbsp;
Here's a gift card that any friend will appreciate, whether she likes to shop for simple sweaters or luxe party dresses.
A Headspace subscription isn't just a one-off gift. It's a way for your loved ones to build a more mindful routine.
They can use this gift card on rides to the airport or to Uber Eats some late-night munchies to their door.
If you really dont know them at all, anywhere Amex is accepted, theyll be able to swipe this gift card, too.
Know a person whose entire personality is their pet? They'll love an excuse to buy their furry best friend another treat.
As the brand says, &Don't lose sleep over finding the perfect gift.& Parachute makes it easy with their digital gift card.
They've always wanted a vintage Herms Kelly bag or Cartier tank watch. This gift card will get them a little closer.
Whether it's for your parents' ski cabin, your best friend's dog, or your fly-fishing uncle, Orvis has just about everyone covered.
For when you want to get them a Boat and Tote but arent sure what monogram (or ironic phrase) theyd prefer.
Instead of sending a gift basket, send them a gift card to choose their own, according to their tastes and preferences.
Gift two weeks of Sunbasket (three recipes per week) meal delivery kit. They'll thank you for each and every delicious bite.
Words will fail to describe my love for you. One life would be too short to live with you. Happy valentines day.
I miss seeing you, and so I wanted to send you some flowers to let you know I am thinking of you.
Take the time to really enjoy your childs infancy; after all, they do grow up so fast. Congratulations on your new life.
If I were asked to define motherhood. I would have defined it as love in its purest form. Unconditional love. Revathi Sankaran
Cheer up. Although life may not be easy now, in the end its all worth it. Everything will get better in time.
Wishing you eight days and nights of happiness for Hanukkah! We hope that Chanukah does indeed bring you a festival of lights.
On this joyous occasion, may you be blessed with happiness and your home be graced with warmth and peace! Selamat Hari Raya!
Sending prayers and hearty Christmas greetings to you. May you receive the most special of Gods blessings during this amazing Christmas season!
I'm so lucky to have such a great friend like you... who'd forgive me if I forgot your birthday. Happy Belated Birthday!
Happy Valentines Day to the most special person in my life. You are my love, my heart, my joy, and my valentine.
There is something you must always remember. You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem and smarter than you know.
A mother is she who can take the place of all others but whose place no one else can take. Certificateinal Mermillod
You still make me laugh. You still give me butterflies. And I'm still falling for you every single day. Happy Valentine's Day!
Jewelry can be tough, but it doesn't have to be. If they're a Catbird fan, there's no chance you can fail here.
Zappos is a one-stop-shop selling clothes, shoes, and accessories for the entire family, which makes it perfect for nearly any fashion-forward giftee.
At Macys, theyll be able pick out whatever they want in any number of categories  from clothing to beauty products to homewares.
The hard-to-shop-for guy in your life will find everyday wear as well as gear for just about any outdoor activity at Huckberry.
Another great beauty buy, Winky Lux has an array of makeup and skincare to shop for the makeover-obsessed giftee in your life.
Glossier is the one-stop-shop for all things skincare, makeup and beauty. Your skincare-obsessed friend will have a blast loading their virtual carts.
Your fitness-obsessed friend already has all the gear they need. They may be missing out on Ob's on-demand cardio and strength classes.
Supply the gift card, and leave it up to the stylish person on your list to decide what they want from Revolve.
Housing products for face, body, hair and more, The Body Shop sells something for everyone. They won't be disappointed with this one.
With this gift card, theyll be able to shop big-ticket furniture items as well as a curated collection of our favorite things.
Explorers everywhere will love a gift card from the iconic gear brand, Huckberry. Choose  from an array of pre-loaded virtual gift cards.
Or you could give them credit toward their next Lyft ride, through the app where they can also rent a Citi Bike.
May your babys future be brighter than the suns radiant beam, may your little child fulfill all your dreams. Congratulations for your newborn.
Dad, whenever I am in trouble or in need of guidance, you are the one that I look up to. Thanks for everything.
I have a special mother, this I truly know. I could not ask for better, my mother, I love her so. Julie Hebert
Finally, you can bid adieu to late night studies and uncountable sacrifices of enjoyment. Your Graduation day is finally here. Cheers! Hearty congratulations.
On your special day, I wish you good luck. I hope this wonderful day will fill up your heart with joy and blessings.
During thisMooncake Festival time, the bright, full moon wishes you many blessings, sincere and long-lasting friendship, and always good fortune in the future.
Your first steps into your new home are your first steps into your new life. Here's to the beginning of something beautiful. Congratulations.
For the person who collects old Jet magazines and has been trying to get their hands on an original Black Panther Party newspaper.
This cosmetics brand is a great place to give a gift card to, with plenty of affordable options to shop for all ages.
Whether theyre tall, short, or curvy, Madewell has a pair of jeans (and a ton of other Strategist-favorite clothing) that will suit them.
In addition to Anthropologies in-house brands, your giftee will be able to shop labels like MOTHER, Calvin Klein, Levis, Sunday Riley, and more.
Whether they're training for a marathon or a 5k, the most active people in your life will love new gear for &quot;Doing Things.&quot;
They're a gamer, but you don't know which console or games they have. Rest assured that a gift card will have you covered.
If their bathroom cabinets are filled with sheet masks and serums, theyll probably be delighted by the gift of K-beauty from Soko Glam.
Who's the preppiest person you know? What're you going to get them for their birthday? Might we suggest a J. Crew e-gift card?
Give a sweet gift to your loved one with a Milk Bar gift card. They can choose from cakes, cookies, pies and more.
For beauty enthusiasts, it's hard to top a Glossier gift card, which they can use on the brand's bestselling skincare and makeup products.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. Helen Keller
I am not a camera but Im really good at picturing us together. I wish I could show them to you. Happy valentines day!
Anything is possible  all you have to do is believe in yourself. Wishing you all the best in what lies ahead and good luck.
Selamat Hari Raya Aidilfitri! Great joy to you and all in your family. May Hari Raya bring you cheer all throughout the wonderful year!
A good father is one of the most unsung, unpraised, unnoticed, and yet one of the most valuable assets in our society. Billy Graham
With you, the world feels like the most beautiful place to me, as if I am in heaven. Happy Valentines Day to my love.
The beauty of these roses cannot match the beauty and depth of the love I feel for you. You are always in my heart!
Another adventure filled year awaits you. Welcome it by celebrating your birthday with pomp and splendor. Wishing you a very happy and fun-filled birthday!
My love for you is never-ending and never-fading. It will only increase as days and years pass by. Wishing you a happy valentines day!
My heart to you is given, oh do give yours to me; Well lock them up together, and throw away the key. Frederick Saunders
For anyone in need of a new wardrobe or even furniture, a Macy's gift card gives them access to seemingly endless clothes and accessories.
If you want to give them the gift of jewelry this season but don't know what they may enjoy, consider a Gorjana gift card.
Shirts, socks, jeans  whatever it is, there's room in their wardrobe for something from Bonobos. Read our review of Bonobos' impressively affordable stretch chinos.
Give them some zen with a gift card to Alo Yoga. There, they can shop yoga clothes, accessories and more on their own time.
Our beauty writer Rio Viera-Newton is psychotically obsessed with Ulta, and especially with how it offers both drugstore and luxury brands side by side.
For the person whod like to improve their sleep, we love Lunya for its machine-washable silk sets and cooling cotton PJs, among other things.
For the fashionista on your list whom you wouldnt dare shop for, this Danish fashion brand serving up effortless cool-girl style definitely wont disappoint.
Depending on the recipient and how much they enjoy their home-improvement tasks, this may be the most exciting gift they receive during the holidays.
If they need any suggestions of what to buy with a Golde gift card, were big fans of the Superwhisk and Turmeric latte blend.
I think in a lot of ways unconditional love is a myth. My mom's the only reason I know it's a real thing. Conor Oberst
After every storm the sun will smile; for every problem there is a solution, and the souls indefeasible duty is to be of good cheer.
I hope that every day you two spend together is as blissful and love-filled as possible. Here's to one of my all-time favorite couples! Congratulations.
To describe my mother would be to write about a hurricane in its perfect power. Or the climbing, falling colors of a rainbow. Maya Angelou
A mother's love is patient and forgiving when all others are forsaking, it never fails or falters, even though the heart is breaking. Helen Rice
Marriage is about finding true love and sharing a common, beautiful dream. Congrats on the find, and here's to making that dream come to life!
you've had more than your share of challenges this year. Wishing you peace and hope at Christmas and a new year full of better days.
For your New York bestie, this egift card for Greenpoints brick-and-mortar-only destination for dinner-party essentials is the perfect combo of a digital and physical gift.
Theres no better housewarming present than a gift card to the MoMa Design Store. Theyll have their choice of unique home goods, furniture, and art.
Another good option for pet owners is a Petco gift card  if you think they (or their pet) may like picking out their own toys.
According toGhetto Gastro co-founder Jason Gray, Salt Fat Acid Heat author Samin Nosrat keeps Fly By Jings Sichuan Chili Crisp out on her kitchen counter.
If your friend or loved one is all about their furry friend, they'll be pleased to receive a gift card from Petsmart without a doubt.
Madewell is home to bestselling denim, clothing, shoes, and accessories, making this gift card a great gift for anyone in need of some new apparel.
A Victoria's Secret gift card is always a great gift. Your special someone can choose from silky pajamas, sweet body mists, yummy lipglosses and more.
If you cant tell the difference between Gods of War and Gears of War, you should probably just give your favorite gamer a gift card.
Do you see this great gift idea? A Warby Parker gift card is great for glasses wearers, letting them pick some new frames or accessories.
From the CloudKnit sweatpants to the MegaFleece to the exercise dress, Outdoor Voices has plenty of Strat-approved workout wear turned WFH wear to choose from.
Hoping to deliver a little extra comfort with your gift? Weve got ideas for what to write inside in a get-well card that should help.
Valentines Day is a very special occasion to let you know what an important place you have in my heart. I love you! Happy Valentines Day!
I am the luckiest child in the world because I have the most amazing father in the world. Happy Fathers Day to you, my wonderful father.
I may not be with you at all times, but I want you to know that you are never out of my heart. I love you!
A dad is someone who wants to catch you when you fall. Instead he picks you up, brushes you off and lets you try again. Unknown
May you receive lots of red envelopes and have a wonderful family gathering (without facing the annoying question, Why Are You Still Single?) Happy New Year!
Welcome to a lifetime of always saying "yes" when you really mean "no." In other words, welcome to married life, buddy! Just kiddingcongratulations on your marriage!
Try not to think of it as a hospital stay. Think of it as a spa package that includes meals, regular health evaluations and jello cubes.
They say you only fall in love once, but that can't be true... Every time I look at you, I fall in love all over again.
As the moon shines brighter,And hearts grow lighter,Our sincere Raya wish is forblessings to flourish,And may you have a warm and joyous celebrationSelamat Hari Raya Aidilfitri!
Teens can be especially hard to shop for, but they'll be grateful for an assist with updating their cell phone or saving for a new laptop.
As the brand describes it, drinks come true with Winc. So allow your recipient the drink of their dreams with a gift card they'll definitely appreciate.
Gift a year of movies, shows and stories with a one year gift subscription to Disney+. Netflix and chill just got a whole lot more fun.
If You're looking for a gift card for someone who loves to cook, Material Kitchen makes sculptural-looking cookware (and its Japanese-style knife is a real knockout).
Lately our staff group chat has been buzzing with affordable designer finds in Ends sales bin, so a gift card here should go a long way.
The answer may be as simple as a gift card. Better yet: an e-gift card that can be delivered right to their email inbox within seconds.
For the dog people, the best gift may just be gifts for their pup. Barkbox will send them a box of toys and treats every month.&nbsp;
When it comes to beauty products, Ulta will 1000% have them covered. They can use their gift card on everything from skincare essentials to makeup sets.
They already have their personal beauty favorites. With this gift card, they won't have to use their precious Sephora points on that new lipstick or foundation.
May you be gifted with lifes biggest joys and never-ending bliss. After all, you yourself are a gift to earth, so you deserve the best. Happy birthday.
Son, brother, father, lover, friend. There is room in the heart for all the affections, as there is room in heaven for all the stars. Victor Hugo
Love as powerful as your mothers for you leaves its own mark  to have been loved so deeply .. will give us some protection forever. J.K. Rowling
Its just one day in the year, but you should know that I love you every day and every moment. Take my love on this beautiful occasion!
I know you are going through a lot right now. My thoughts are with you, and know that I am here for you if you need help.
Another year will be over, another year will come. I hope and pray that the lights of Diwali illuminate the new chapter of your life. Happy Diwali!
You have a very special place, that no one else can fill...because you mean so much to me, and you know you always will! Happy [MOTHER'S/FATHER'S/GRANDPARENTS] Day!!!
Casetify offers so many custom case designs and collections to keep phones, tablets, and laptops protected that its probably best to just let them choose their favorite.
For the person in need of some major TLC, this gift card will let them choose between relaxing bath salts, a massage-oil candle, or a Strategist-approved vibrator.
Ranging from accessories to shoes and tops to bottoms, Urban Outfitters has it all. With a gift card, your lucky giftee will have some fun shopping days!
So they can indulge in the infamously maximalist menu and order all the chicken-parm pizzas, fried mac-and-cheese balls, and slices of white-chocolate raspberry-truffle cheesecake their heart desires.
MOUTH sends delicious small-batch, indie food products to help small businesses grow and make it more convenient for the average person to discover the best new goods.&nbsp;
Know someone who's moving into a new place? Try handing them a Wayfair gift card, and grant them access to thousands of home furnishings, on your dime.
In addition to straightforward gift cards, BaubleBar has gift cards for specific items, like custom bracelets, phone cases, hair clips, or necklaces for a more personal touch.
If your giftee is wild about furniture and decor, then they will be head over heels for this Pottery Barn gift card. Trust us with this one.
They say you lose your memory as you grow older. I say forget about the past and live life to the fullest today. Start with cake. Happy birthday.
Time runs so fast when Im with you. Every second we spend together is so wonderful. May life offers us more time to spend together! Happy valentines day.
Happy birthday! Your life is just about to pick up speed and blast off into the stratosphere. Wear a seat belt and be sure to enjoy the journey.
A father is neither an anchor to hold us back nor a sail to take us there, but a guiding light whose love shows us the way. Unknown
Some people get wiser with age. Some people get richer with age. But everybody gets older with age. So good luck on the other two, and happy birthday!
I just wanted to say that I'm sorry for hurting you, and if you have it in your heart to forgive me, I want us to start anew.
This Diwali let us give thanks to all we hold dear: our health, our family, our friends, and to the grace of God which never ends. Happy Diwali!
Another great meal delivery gift card option, Blue Apron will meet all of their tasty needs and more. This gift card also never expires and carries no fees.
If they're always running around and don't have time to cook, your giftee will be thrilled to receive a Freshly gift card that will feed them tasty meals.
Let them custom frame one of their best memories. It's something they'll probably never shell out for on their own, but they'll love having it around the house.
For the stylish friend in your life who loves block colors, there's always an Everlane e-gift card to gift. Let them run wild, on clothes that won't run.
Have a sports junkie on your hands? If so, an ESPN+ subscription is exactly what they'll want. They'll get to enjoy a plethora of live sports and originals.
If theyre anything like Strategist writer Tembe Denton-Hurst, who checks the retailers website daily, theyll be happy to have this ASOS gift card to cover their next haul.
Life will keep changing but there is one thing that will remain constant till the day you die  your love for your child. Congratulations for finding something so magical.
The two of you are meant for each other and this day only cinches it. My very best wishes to the both of you for a wonderful life together.
On this special day, all I wish for you is that you find the arms that give you the warmth of love and hugs of strength. Happy valentines day.
Dad, you are my best friend, my guide, and my teacher. You have always been there when I needed you the most. Wishing you a very happy Fathers Day.
To accomplish great things we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe. My heartiest congratulations on your achievement today! You really deserve it.
There is no velvet so soft as a mothers lap, no rose as lovely as her smile, no path so flowery as that imprinted with her footsteps. Archibald Thompson
One day is definitely not enough to honor dads around the world. But here are my heartiest wishes to you daddy. I love you the most. Happy fathers day.
At Zappos, your loved one can purchase a variety of shoes and clothing from brands like UGG, Steve Madden, Marc Jacobs and more for men, women and even kids.
A gift card from Madewell can be used to buy tons of trendy clothing including great quality denim, dresses, shoes, accessories and more. Who doesn't love a shopping spree?
This ones for the beauty-obsessed person on your list who has already tried everything at Sephora. Theyll love diving into everything Ah-Shi, an Indigenous-owned beauty brand, has to offer.
If you know a loved one looking to trick out their patio this year, try gifting them a Frontgate gift card. They'll thank you, and their home will, too.
Dad, you have given me the best things in life: Your time, your care, and your love. I am truly grateful to have you in my life. Happy Father's Day!
A romantic card message would be to repeat something that you said in your wedding vows or write a line from her favorite love poem, romance movie or quote. Or...
The plant parent in your life will be delighted at the idea of getting a new green baby (or some new tools to help them care for the existing ones).
Gift your special person a gift card to Uncommon Goods, where everything is all out of the ordinary. They are bound to find unique items they can't find anywhere else.
Re-stock their kitchen with must-have cooking, baking and other supplies they will love forever. They also sell tasty treats, decor and more, so your recipient has plenty to choose from.
Know someone who just achieved a major milestone or goal they were striving for? Help them revel in their personal win with a gift card and a supportive little message.
Particularly great for home cooks and committed bakers, a Williams Sonoma gift card can go towards sturdy cookware, adorable baking supplies, and other quality essentials and accessories for their kitchen.
It's always best to write something personal. Try writing about: A memory you share with your mother/father/grandparent - A recollection of your childhood. Mention qualities unique to your your relationship.
If they always order in, they'll totally appreciate a DoorDash gift card to buy meals from their favorite local restaurants  plus it's a great way to promote supporting small businesses!
Especially perfect for anyone moving to a new dorm or apartment, a Target gift card gives them access to everything from home essentials and decor to clothes and pantry staples.
If they're in need of trendy new eyewear, a Warby Parker gift card will help them find the best frames for them, especially with the brand's famed at-home try-on service.
Make the world a better place. Make amends. Make peace. Be kind. Take responsibility for your actions. Explain your actions. To apologize and confess our faults and mistakes is healthy...
For the basics, J.Crew has some of the best quality and style for the price. It also has frequent sales, meaning they may get more value out of their gift card.
If they live in a big city or don't own a car, they'll definitely appreciate a Lyft gift card to help them get around town. Take it from us city dwellers.
If the person you're shopping for loves playing video games, buy them a gift card from GameStop. They can put the gift card towards a new game, headset, console and more.
If they enjoy cooking in the kitchen but don't love running around the grocery store to find all the ingredients for their desired recipe, consider getting them a HelloFresh gift card.
If they happen to be big book lovers, a Bookshop gift card is a simple and appreciated gift. As a bonus, every purchase on the site gives back to local bookstores.
Instead of sending flowers, send the gift of plants, letting them pick their own at Bloomscape. You can also shop for care tools, too, like watering cans, pruning tools and more.
Allbirds makes the world's most comfortable shoes from sustainable materials like merino wool, eucalyptus leaves, and foam made from sugar cane. They're especially popular in New York City and Silicon Valley.
Zappos is the home of pretty much every type of shoe imaginable, and a gift card can go towards the sneakers, boots, sandals, or loafers they've been eyeing for a while.
According to several teens weve spoken to, Lisa Says Gah is the perfect place to get hair clips for a Phoebe Buffay or any girl who fits the wacky artistic-but-cool archetype.
If they're especially hard to shop for, let them pick out a luxury stores designer treat, toys for their kids, handy gadgets for their kitchen....or anything else they can dream up.
Protect their new electronics and shoe off their personal style with a fun case from Casetify. They also sell other tech accessories, like AirPod cases, laptop cases, watch straps and more.
May the bright and festive glow of the New Year candle warm your days. Hope you have a wonderful time enjoying the New Year and may you be happy in every way.
On your birthday, I thought of giving you the cutest gift in the world. But then I realized that is not possible, because you yourself are the cutest gift in the world.
Today being fathers day, dad, I just want to tell you that I love you and appreciate everything that you've done for me. May God never stop blessing you. Happy Fathers Day!
A cute little message is great for a gift card. If you want to go a little more emotional, weve got lots of ideas for what to write inside a wedding card.
Uncommon Goods is one of our favorite retailers for truly unique gifts, but if you'd rather let the giftee pick out something themselves, this gift card can be a fun, thoughtful gift.
If You're not exactly sure what they need right now, Verishop has a little bit of everything  from clothes for the whole family to home goods to beauty products to sex toys.
HelloFresh is a meal kit delivery service that drops off fresh ingredients for delicious home-cooked meals. It makes week-time prep easier, and it helps amateur and experienced cooks conveniently expand their repertoire.&nbsp;
Candles to enjoy life; Decorations to light life; Presents to share success; Fire Crackers to burn evils; Sweets to sweeten success, And worship to thank god! Wish you a joyous and prosperous Diwali!
We would like to extend our heartiest congratulations for having a new beautiful house. We wish you all the best in making your new house a great place in raising a perfect family.
They say that life is not a waste as long as you have one person that cares for you in the world. Whenever something gets you down, just remember that you have me!
Give the gift of fitness, wellness and beauty treatments, all at once. ClassPass lets you pick and choose from your favorite local gyms and salons, booking classes and more with a single click.
We get itsometimes its hard to find the right words when You're just SO THANKFUL. Here are some ideas for what to write if You're enclosing your gift card in a thank-you card.
A J.Crew gift card would be a welcome present for someone whos back in the office and wants to refresh their basics. The retailer makes several Strat-recommended pieces for both men and women.
If you need some help with the wording that is justperfect for the hand written gift card that accompanies your gift selection, look nofurther. We have several suggestions for any gift giving occasion.
If You're not sure what your recipient is into these days, a Target gift card is a reliably safe bet as the store carries everything from beauty products to electronics to home dcor.
The coffee connoisseur in your life will get to pick out exactly what they want from Fellow with this gift card, but were big fans of the brands grinder and Stagg electric kettle.
The Sill is an awesome plant delivery service based out of New York City. They offer many different plants (that come with chic planters) like ferns, snake plants and even trendy macrame plant hangers.
Gift the biggest reader in your life a new stack of books, hand-selected by them. You may not know their exact taste, but you can't go wrong with a Barnes &amp; Noble gift card.
This is an easy way to empower someone to give to a charity close to their heart. You designate the amount and general category of charities, and they can decide where the funds go.
If he or she is a tech lover or you have had their eye on a certain item, purchase them a Best Buy gift card so they can put it towards their grand purchase!
Really, what can't you find at Target? This is the perfect place to give a gift card from, as the options they can choose from are endless, from technology to clothing, housewares and more.
If you follow our monthly hauls you've probably seen us mention home dcor from Hay dozens of times. Any Strat stan will have no problem filling their cart with some of our favorite items.
From its home offerings to clothing for the entire family, anyone will be able to make use of an H&M gift card  and get a lot out of it with the brands affordable pricing.
These gift card message ideas are great for when you want the gesture of giving the gift itself to do most of the talking. Theyre short, sweet wishes that let them know you care!
Bottom line: Pretty much everyone loves (and can use) a gift card. The key to making it feel personal is adding a short, sweet or funny message to really drive home how much you care.
They probably already have a Spotify account, but this gets them ad-free access. A Spotify gift card lets you fund the next few months of a platform they love and use multiple times per day.&nbsp;
Parachute makes some of our favorite bathrobes, and is also a great spot to shop for furniture and home goods. A gift card can help them splurge on whatever decor or self-care items they need.
We all know travel isnt cheap. For the ones with wanderlust in their hearts, your gift card means the worldliterally. Have some fun wishing them bon voyage with these message ideas for travel gift cards.
A Starbucks gift card is certainly not the most original gift  and weve made fun of them before  but you know it will get used (and definitely appreciated) by a bleary-eyed college student or teacher.
If they want to shop natural, Black-owned beauty and wellness brands, let them run wild in BLK+GRNs e-store. (And here are some tips on how to build a Black-owned skin-care routine to help them out.)
Did you expect any different at the number one spot? Amazon is the go-to hub for all things gifting, letting your giftee choose from hundreds of thousands of items at the touch of a button.
In our roundup of the 100 best pens, Baron Figs Rollerball came out on top. But the New York Citybased company makes a bunch of other great office gear, too, to upgrade their WFH situation.
It's Fenty. Need we say more? Rihanna's makeup and skincare brand has become one of the hottest in the game in the last few years. Treat your makeup-obsessed friend to the best of the best.
Live the pure life with Pura Vida and their array of beautiful string bracelets and other accessories. Let your giftee pick their favorite colors and causes, mixing and matching to build a stack of their own.
What's more fun than running wild in a department store with money to spend? Doing it all online. Give the gift of a Nordstrom gift card and make their day, letting them shop across all categories.
Mejuri is one of our favorite retailers when it comes to durable, sleek, quality jewelry. A gift card can help them pick out everything from everyday gold hoops to dainty rings to add to their collection.
Nothing is better than the gift of a fully belly with their favorite foods. Send them a gift card to Goldbelly and let them pick from top-rated restaurants across the nation, delivered right to their door.
I just wanted to let you know that I have been thinking about you lately. I am reminded of you as I go through my day and I smile. I hope these flowers make you smile too.
If they love nice quality kitchen gear but don't always have the heart to spend the extra money, consider buying them a gift card from Williams Sonoma so they can splurge a little bit more this year!
Finding a Sephora gift card in a beautiful little card is a makeup lover's dream. They can purchase whatever they want from brands like Nars, Tarte, Urban Decay and so many more, including Glossier, as of recently!
Theyre the type of person who waits in line for midnight showings. Of course a movie theater gift card would be right up their alley! Here are some fun ideas for messages to go along with it.
Help them turn up the heat in their kitchen with a gift card from Our Place, home of the viral Always Pan. The cookware company also sells plates, bowls, cutlery and more, for new and experienced chefs.
Personalize your thank you note by acknowledging the specific gift you received or the good deed or favor that someone did for you. Use words like Generous, Generosity, Useful, Perfect, Thoughtful, Appreciate, Grateful, Much Needed, Always Treasure.
The Sill is a great resource for plants in sleek, trendy containers. If you're not sure what plant they'd want or what their plant maintenance level is, a gift card leaves it up to them to choose.
Airline gift cards are perfect for frequent travelers (and even better for family members who see trips home as opportunities to score more miles on their go-to airline). It's also easier than booking a trip for them yourself.
If you can't find the right words to write in your message card or unable to fully express your feelings, take a look at Giftr's collection of card message's ideas to help you in expressing your feelings. :)
Sure, in some cases, they may give you a few hints about what they're interested in, or maybe they're easy to shop for all around  but what about the people who already have everything they could ever want?
You may not be there every morning, but this is one of the easier ways to buy them a hot cup of coffee each day. There's also a gift card for Dunkin', if that's their preferred caffeine source.
A warm Diwali wish for every happiness. May the warmth and splendour, that are a part of this auspicious occasion, fill your life with happiness and bright cheer, and bring to you joy and prosperity, for the whole year.
If they're huge fans of celebrities and the stars, then they'll be overjoyed to receive a gift card to Cameo. With the gift card, they can access thousands of celebrities and request a personalized video message for any occasion.
Anthropologie is one of those high-quality retailers your giftee can really appreciate a gift card for. They can use the money for gorgeous new clothes, stunning home decor, and even dresses and accessories via BHLDN, the brand's wedding section.
The fashion guru in your life will be so appreciative of a gift card that allows them to opt into personalized style sent right to their door. Or, if they want to shop instantly, they can do that, too!
Help them add some sparkle to a new house, a dorm room or a beloved space in their home with a gift card to Anthropologie. They also sell clothing and accessories, should they want to spruce up their closet, too.
Have a gift to give? Just do it, with Nike. The shoe and athletics store is a great place to gift from for new shoes, a hoodie, leggings and more. Plus, they deliver via email in two hours or less.
Whether you're outfitting them for their next hike or an afternoon spent in a ski lodge, you get to ensure they'll be able to get exactly the make and model of the boot or sweater they want for the trip.&nbsp;
You have been a great hero in my life, the greatest strength. Today, because of you Im been bless in so many ways. From the bottom of my heart, I want to say Thank You, Dad, for Everything. Happy Father's Day!
An Away Luggage gift card is great for the travel enthusiast in your life. They can purchase anything from the brand's website including their great quality but well-priced suitcases that come with a portable charger depending on which size they choose.
Music is a language we all understand. If you have a true music lover in your life, sometimes a gift card for some new tunes is the best present ever. And weve got inspiration for messages thatll totally be their jam.
Furniture, tools, smoke detectors, guest bathroom hand towelsnew homeowners have to buy ALL. THE. THINGS. Give them a hand with all that hassle. Just pair it with one of these gift card message ideas for a gesture theyll love you for.
No recent grad is going to complain about getting money as a gift, no matter how old they are. These short, snappy gift card messages are a fun way to tell your grads congrats and help them celebrate at the same time.
Most of all the other beautiful things in life come by twos and threes, by dozens and hundreds. Plenty of roses, stars, sunsets, rainbows, brothers and sisters, aunts and cousins, comrades and friendsbut only one mother in the whole world. Kate Douglas Wiggins
Halie LeSavage is the fashion commerce editor at Harper's BAZAAR. Her style reporting covers everything from reviewing the best designer products to profiling emerging brands and designers. Previously, she was the founding retail writer at Morning Brew and a fashion associate at Glamour.
If Magnolia Bakery's famous banana pudding and yummy cupcakes are calling their name, but they don't live in NYC, give them a gift card to get them some ASAP. This sweet treat is a must for any one, as they now deliver nationwide.
Diapers, formula, clothes, blankets, baby shampooand thats just the must-have stuff! New parents are in serious need of gift cards, so they can get their preferred brands of whatever it is they need. Write them a little note using these message ideas for inspiration.
If they can't make it home this year, there's a good chance Goldbelly can bring their local favorite to them. A New York pastrami sandwich? A Chicago dog? You can find almost anything from the most cherished delicacies of their hometown, city, or region.
If someone is a makeup lover or a skincare junkie on your shopping list, then they'll totally appreciate a gift card from Ulta Beauty. Dozens of brands such as Mac Cosmetics, Bare Minerals, Tarte, Urban Decay and so many more are available for purchase.
We all reach a point where we could use a little extra attention. If You're giving someone a gift card for a spa day, or even a massage or service like a manicure or pedicure, these gift card message ideas should come in handy.
Buying them a gift card for their favorite store? That shows you know them pretty well, in our opinion. Whether they love makeup, shoes, clothes or sporting goodsor all of those thingshopefully these message ideas will help make your gift card feel extra special.
An iTunes gift card might be outdated, but an Apple gift card is quite useful. You can put it toward a new laptop, AirPods, or any other electronics or accessories sold by Apple, as well as pay for an Apple Music or Apple TV+ subscription.
Whether its a college student in need of soup cups or someone struggling with a family illness, theres no blessing like a gift card to help you afford the necessities. Let them know how happy you are to be there for them with these ideas.
Mothers are such a part of us that it can be hard to talk about them. We love them. We get mad at them. They teach us, even when we don't realize it. We resist them. No matter what, they are part of us. Jane Gilgun
An Amazon gift card is a more polite version of giving them cash. They can buy pretty much anything they've had on their wish list, whether it's new and exciting tech or completely utilitarian home basics. You can also buy it in a gift card box.
Make your recipient feel special by surprising them with an unexpected gift. Thinking of you flowers can be sent any time a person wants to let another person know that they are in their thoughts. Send an encouraging card with a message of warmth and hope.
When someones been in an accident or is experiencing serious illness or health problems, its hard to find mental space to think about the necessities. A gift card for these folks can come across as especially helpful and, along with one of these messages, meaningful, too.
Gift cards for apparel are particularly useful since you may not know imperative details like shoe size. If you know they love a brand or have been pining after their own Bean boots, this is a nice way to make it happen without tipping them off.&nbsp;
Give the gift of vino with a membership to the Eater Wine Club. Itll ship restaurant-quality wine straight to your giftees door, as curated by a wine pro. For more subscription service gift ideas, weve rounded up a list of options for all types of people.
Gift cards are the kinds of presents that can seem obvious or unimaginative, a step up from cutting a check and stuffing it into a card. But hear us out: They're actually incredibly useful and can even be personal  if you put a little thought into them.
There are some people who are inclined to say that gift cards are impersonal. But were here to offer the opinion that gift cards can be just as thoughtful as a physical gift. In fact, there are several situations in which a gift card can be incredibly meaningful.
For the person who moved away from their favorite bakery or brunch spot, Goldbelly will ship food from certain restaurants and other small food businesses nationwide. Writer Lauren Ro loves Goldbelly and uses it to ship brunch from New Yorkbased Russ & Daughters to her parents every year.
From fancy sit-down places to the best burger joint in town, we all have a favorite restaurant. With a gift card to their favorite spot for sustenance, You're showing you know them AND treating them to something nice. Here are some options for messages to go along with it.
To help, we bunched up all the gift cards below into different categories, so you can jump right to what you think your gift recipient would want the most. Oh, and psst: Digital gift cards and subscriptions just happen to make excellent last-minute gifts if you're in a pinch.
Brooklinen makes the best high-end sheets at some of the best prices on the internet. Have a gift card&nbsp;delivered digitally or in a gift card box. They can choose from sheets made from linen, cashmere, and more. The company's weighted comforter is the top pick in our buying guide.
Give them a new pair of sneakers, some new athletic gear, or cool athleisure with a gift card that lets them pick out their favorite pieces. Adidas has physical gift cards, e-gift cards, and a bulk gift card offer if you're looking to buy cards for a big group.
While more of a gift membership per se, an annual membership to MasterClass still functions like a gift card because they'll get unlimited access to hundreds of celebrity and expert-led online courses, effectively choosing how they want to use their yearly subscription. You can read more about MasterClass's offerings here.
While technically a subscription and not a card, this service gives your giftee credits to pick out whichever audiobooks they want (1 credit = 1 book). It's particularly great for people who love to read but find themselves pressed for time  they can use this to read on the go.
College is crazy expensive. Add the fact that they have little time to actually work and You're looking at a seriously strapped student. Thats why a gift card for the heck of it can really mean so much. Here are some ideas for a message to send along with it.
Yet another giving occasion that comes every year! Gift cards at Christmas are a great way to take the stress off when you've got a big list to shop foror just people who are hard to shop for. Make the gift extra merry with these message ideas for Christmas gift cards.
Sending a gift card along with your thank you is like the cherry on top of an ice-cream sundaeyou dont have to include it, but theres something about it that takes it to the next level. Add some sweet words with your next-level appreciation gesture with these gift card message ideas.
If they're someone who enjoys fitness (or is still figuring out what workouts they like), money put towards a ClassPass subscription can help them try out the service. A monthly membership lets them sample boutique fitness classes in their area and can even include self-care appointments with spas or nail salons.
Just because a gift is convenient doesnt mean it has to be impersonal! You can still add a few heartfelt or fun words to make it specialyes, even in that tiny little box they give you to write in. Here are some online gift card messages that keep things short and sweet.
Like gift cards for groceries, meal delivery gift cards can really come in handy. Whether You're giving them in a time of need (new baby, recovering from an accident or illness, etc.) or you just want to spoil them a little, here are some gift card message ideas to accompany your thoughtfulness.
The Strategistis designed to surface the most useful, expert recommendations for things to buy across the vast e-commerce landscape. Some of our latest conquests include the bestwomens jeans,rolling luggage,pillows for side sleepers,ultraflattering pants, andbath towels. We update links when possible, but note that deals can expire and all prices are subject to change.
Whether it's for a birthday, graduation, Easter (which is coming up!), Mother or Father's day (also coming up, but you have a few more weeks to prep for those), a housewarming, or just to say thank you, sometimes it feels like finding the perfect gift for friends, family, or co-workers is downright impossible.
Gift cards are such a great birthday gift. Even the best gift-getter has to admit that since birthdays come around EVERY YEARyou kinda start to run out of ideas eventually! Pair your gift card with one of these message ideas for a fun birthday present thatll bring them joy after the big day is over.
What do you get your adult siblings that they cant already get for themselves? Or your parents for that matter?? At this point, its about showing them you know them. And a gift card to their favorite place is a great way to do that. Include one of these gift card message ideas and You're set.
Youd like to think youd never have to buy your significant other a gift card, but after 20-some-odd-years of marriage and countless birthdays, holidays and anniversaries, they might really just appreciate that opportunity to get exactly what they want. And thats 100% okay. Just make sure you write something sweet or funny to go with it.
It happens to the best of us: Whether you've forgotten an upcoming birthday or anniversary, underestimated how long shipping will take, or just put off shopping for a present until the 11th hour, you've found yourself empty-handed, sans a physical gift. That means its time to pull out the Hail Mary thats guaranteed to delight: the e-gift card.
Someone with a solid coffee habit might hold back on their daily order in an effort to be budget conscious. But your gift card lets them get that double-blended, extra shot, with whip thing that they only treat themselves to occasionally. Here are some message ideas that will warm their hearts while their coffee is warming their belly.
But, just like greeting cards, its the words from you that make a gesture special. So we got our writers to come up with gift card message ideas for every giving situation we could think of. From groceries to spa days and just because to birthdays, here are dozens of ideas for messages to accompany your gift card.
Its not our best idea, but an e-gift card will at least let your giftees pick out what they want and have something to open  even if its just an email. Plus there are nearly endless options, from nice-to-have gift cards for their favorite clothing store to truly useful ones for services or stores where they do their daily shopping.
Trust us, there are people out there who would be SO HAPPY to get a Gold Crown gift card. Like Keepsake Ornament collectors. Or those people who always have little gifts on hand for others. Or your Aunt Vickyyou've seen her gift-wrapping station, right? If you got them a Gold Crown gift card, weve got message ideas to make them smile.
White elephant gifts. Work anniversaries. Making you laugh after you bombed that horrible presentation. There are tons of reasons you might get your co-worker a gift card! But if You're worried itll come off weird (it wont), pairing it with one of these gift card message ideas is a good way to make it feel less like You're just giving them money.
These days, couples are marrying later in life, which means theyre much more likely to be set with towels and dishes. So a gift card is a fine way to help the happy couple start their new life. (Better yet, gives them something to do togethershop!) Add one of these ideas for wedding gift card messages, and you've got a sweet gift theyll appreciate.
If you know the recipient well enough (and you know theyll appreciate it!), a little humor is sometimes just the thing to brighten someones day in the hospital. However, if your colleague is the serious sort or You're not very close, its safer to stick with more formal sentiments. Don't use cliches like, "There must be a reason." These well-known phrases have hardly any meaning, seem insincere, and can offend the ill person.
When you are sending flowers, we will include your personal message hand-written (or printed) on a note card. The card is small, so your message should be short and sweet. Be sure to include your name so your recipient knows who is sending the gift. It is not always easy to write a heartfelt message that expresses how you feel, especially at a time of sorrow so we have written some card suggestions for different occasions
These days, pretty much every retailer out there offers gift cards to customers, making it easy to snag a card from your giftee's favorite store, from Amazon to Pottery Barn, and everywhere in-between. Read below for a list of 61 our top picks, for food, housewares, clothing, makeup, cake, car services, glasses, and more, and take a deep breath. Whoever you're getting a gift for, they can figure it out for themselves. With your help, at least.
To get you started, here are 95 different gift cards to Strat-approved retailers that will delight anyone on your list, from the gamer to the avid cook to the jet-setter. If you want to earn bonus points for presentation, we recommend taking the extra step of printing out the gift card (even though a code will be emailed to them) and sticking it in a (thoughtful!) card. Or better yet, put the printout in a box and wrap it up. Its the little things that count.
Most people have a fear that they are going to upset or offend the person who will receive their sympathy words. Anxiety sets in as you try to find the correct sympathy card wording.Don't use phrases like "I know what you are going through" - the reason is that you probably don't know what the person is going through, and even if you do it can come across as minimizing the suffering and pain the receiving person is feeling. Below we offer more suitable choices for your sympathy message...
A good place to start is by thinking of what your giftee could really use right now. Did they just move to a new home or apartment? Get them a card to buy kitchen essentials or home decor. Are they starting a new job or internship? Money for work-appropriate clothes could go a long way. Have they been going through a rough patch or need a little help taking a break? You can go in on a gift card that helps them travel, splurge on scented candles, or snag some snacks.
