Congratulations
Welcome
Birthday
Birthdays
Congratulations
Birthday
pet
Co-Worker
Deepavali
necklaces
pans
sustainable
teens
Coffee
wedding
housewarming
cook
accessories
Friends
Wedding
wrap
anniversary
Groceries
Spa
Retirement
loungewear
basics
Christmas
Graduation
Baby
jeans
lululemon
teacher
Shopping
magazines
bathrobe
grinder
Wedding
Travel
vibrator
Condolence
(required)
By
Email
Policies
2:38pm
Tweet
Search
OccasionsBirthday
WhatsApp
Beauty
Shopping
 Con-GRAD-ulations!
Share
Copy
Accessibility
Updated
HappyDiwali!
Testimonials
Tech
Legal
Twitter
Away
Facebook
here
Congratulations
Birthdays
Birthday
Deepavali
Friends
Retirement
Christmas
Baby
Wedding
Condolence
Welcome
Congratulatory
Wedding
Graduation
&nbsp;
Newborn
Family Member
Favorite Restaurant
sculptural-looking cookware
Meal Delivery
Music Downloads
plant parent
Valentine's Day
Thank you
linen sheets
monthly hauls
multiple experts
iPad App
loves Goldbelly
tech reviews
mens pants
Movie Theater
Belated birthday
cozy loungewear
Personal anniversary
travel enthusiast
hard-to-shop-for teenager
Business anniversary
cord cutter
bath towels
Thank You
College Student
Hari Raya
elf Cosmetics
meal delivery
Father's Day
curated collection
Sympathy Gifts
Congratulations/Good Luck
gradient puzzles
Significant Other
linen bedding
iPhone App
engagement ring
Mother's Day
daily shopping
yoga mat
ever want
New Baby
New Home
Apologies/I'm Sorry
 Be mine
About Us
Gift yourself!
Indulge, darling
Go wild!!
 Hoppy Easter!
Im buying
Spoil yourself!
Souvenirs appreciated
Pin It
Get Well
Winc Subscription
HappyBelatedEarly Birthday!
Read Next
 Nice work!
 Well done!
Universal retailers
Headspace Subscription
 Bon Voyage!
 Easter greetings!
Home goods
Bon apptit!
Self Pick-Up
New Baby
 Warmest regards
committed bakers
Holiday Calendar
Happy nesting!
 Congratulations, graduate!
Kitty Guo
To love!
Soooooo thoughtful!
Tropical Arrangements
The Strategist
Valentine's Day
Thank you
Belated birthday
Business anniversary
Corporate Gifts
Father's Day
Mother's Day
Housewarming/Open House
Personal anniversary
Hari Raya
Cheer Up!
Jump to
Graduation Certificate Ideas
Easter Certificate Ideas
For Absolutely Anything
Hallmark Gold Crown
Thinking of you
cooling cotton PJs
For Getting Active
Mid Autumn Festival
Birthday Certificate Gift
Hanukkah Certificate Gifts
meal delivery kit
Online Gift Certificate
For Dainty Jewelry
glowing winter skin
For Endless Accessorizing
For Something Floral
Chinese New Year
Get well soon
funky iPhone accessories
For Winter-Proof Boots
Retirement Certificate Gifts
For Wine Night
Christmas Certificate Gifts
Anniversary Certificate Gifts
Short and Simple
Accident or Illness
reusable nylon tote
March 1, 2023
Glossier EGift Certificate
Virtual Delivery (Email/SMS)
Lululemon Gift Certificate
 Gift Certificate Pharses
Bando Gift Certificate
everything to know
Anthropologie E-Gift Certificate
Netflix EGift Certificate
ASOS E-Gift Certificate
Nordstrom E-Gift Certificate
Maude EGift Certificate
GameStop Gift Certificate
Mytheresa Gift Certificate
57Hours E-Gift Certificate
Get outta here!
Casetify Gift Certificate
JCrew Gift Certificate
Framebridge E-Gift Certificate
Fandango Gift Certificate
Apple E-Gift Certificate
Macys E-Gift Certificate
Enjoy your trip!
Go spa yourself!
Pamper yourself pretty!
Huckberry E-Gift Certificate
Reformation E-Gift Certificate
Target Gift Certificate
With Warmest congratulations
Areaware Gift Certificate
Islandwide Courier Delivery
Coach E-Gift Certificate
ClassPass E-Gift Certificate
excellent last-minute gifts
Gorjana E-Gift Certificate
Food and drink
Because youre BREWtiful
Hulu E-Gift Certificate
Lowes Gift Certificate
Happy house warming!
Dinners on me!
BYO red carpet
Travel and experiential
Zappos E-Gift Certificate
Happy Belated Birthday!
Happy Mid-Autumn Festival!
Telfar E-Gift Certificate
Play a little
Fashion and accessories
Yummy for you!
Next Day Delivery
Everlane Gift Certificate
Youre the best
Lyft Gift Certificate
Get something newlywed-y!
Amazon Gift Certificate
Ganni EGift Certificate
Way to go&shopping!
Sephora Gift Certificate
Studs E-Gift Certificate
 In loving memory
Enjoy the popcorn!
 With heartfelt condolences
Amazon E-Gift Certificate
Friends are forever!
Zola E-Gift Certificate
Etsy E-Gift Certificate
Twitch E-Gift Certificate
Brooklinen E-Gift Certificate
Away Gift Certificate
Revolve Gift Certificate
Spotify E-Gift Certificate
Airbnb Gift Certificate
Lunya Gift Certificate
Verishop E-Gift Certificate
 Happy Resurrection Day!
Bookshop Gift Certificate
Chewy E-Gift Certificate
Grubhub E-Gift Certificate
 Cool Move! Congratulations!
Aritzia EGift Certificate
Youre the best!
Goldbelly Gift Certificate
famed exercise dress
Mejuri Gift Certificate
Baggu Gift Certificate
Uber Gift Certificate
StubHub e-gift card
END E-Gift Certificate
LLBean Gift Certificate
Shopbop E-Gift Certificate
Apple EGift Certificate
Skims EGift Certificate
H&M Gift Certificate
Yay for you!
Hay E-Gift Certificate
Always fashionably latte!
Do your thing!
Madewell E-Gift Certificate
Ah-Shi E-Gift Certificate
Brooklinen Gift Certificate
Get Well Soon
Chinese New Year
Get well soon
Love &amp; Anniversary
Thinking of you
"Thank You" Certificate Samples
For Leaning into Luxury
Business Associate/Corporate Gift Certificates
For a Designer Download
For the Pet Parent
wont break the bank
For the Frequent Flyer
best things to buy
For Their Fitness Resolutions
For Tech Savvy Teens
New Baby Welcome Gift
Get Well Soon Wishes
For Something Extra Special
subscription service gift ideas
For Her Wardrobe Essentials
For the Well-Dressed Marathoner
For the New Homeowner
Bandier Digital Gift Certificate
Parachute Digital Gift Certificate
Starbucks Digital Gift Certificate
You made my day!
This calls for shopping!
Escape to someplace pretty!
For your screen room
Ulta Beauty Gift Certificate
Ob Fitness Monthly Membership
Get you some yum!
Its always shopping time
Williams Sonoma E-Gift Certificate
A friend is forever!
Great Jones Gift Certificate
Girlfriend Collective Gift Certificate
Because youre so spa-cial
Tonights homework: Spend this
No bread, just jams!
Golde E- Gift Certificate
For impractical purchases only
Rebag Digital Gift Certificate
 Welcome to the neighborhood
 You deserve ithappy retirement!
Universal Standard Gift Certificate
Time for a passport!
Fellow Digital Gift Certificate
The Sill Gift Certificate
Boy Smells E-Gift Certificate
Because pizza aint free
Need a travel buddy?
 Thanks for being there
Fresh Direct E-Gift Certificate
what to shop now
For a special friend
Outdoor Voices Gift Certificate
 How ya doing, friend?
Urban Outfitters EGift Certificate
So grateful for you
West Elm E-Gift Certificate
Fruit and Gourmet Baskets
 Flowers today Fireworks tonight!
Some tune-age for you-nage
The Tiffany Gift Certificate
Were glad youre here
Time to say buy-buy!
Min 3 Days Booking
Our Place Gift Certificate
Mansur Gavriel E-Gift Certificate
 You're in my thoughts
For the diaper fund
Cause youre very melodious
Always get the fries
Get whatever you want!
Shopping spree on me
Babies are Gods miracles
Get out of Dodge
Milk Bar eGift Certificate
Hope youre feeling better
Because this family shops!
American Express eGift Certificate
Big Night EGift Certificate
The Sorel Gift Certificate
Delta Airlines EGift Certificate
 Have an awesome birthday
Outdoor Voices E-Gift Certificate
Our friendship is golden
Whole Foods EGift Certificate
 Home sweet new home
Material Kitchen Gift Certificate
Nothing can separate friends
 Rejoice, Christ is risen!
Pottery Barn Gift Certificate
Baron Fig Gift Certificate
Wishing you happiness together
Best Buy E-Gift Certificate
Dont forget the wine!
 With my deepest sympathy
Stay caffeinated, my friend
You: Great! Me: Grateful!
BaubleBar Digital Gift Certificate
Cheers to you two!
Mejuri Digital Gift Certificate
Soko Glam Gift Certificate
 A star is born
 You did it! Congratulations!
Get some glamorous looks!
Gong Hei Fatt Choy!
Max Bone Gift Certificate
Wishing you happiness everyday
Edie Parker E-Gift Certificate
Min 2 Days Booking
Nike Digital Gift Certificate
Sign up for promotions
A Florist 20 website
&copy; 2023 Blossom Shoppe
Don't sweat shipping delays
For the Archival Fashion Lover
New Home Housewarming Certificate Gifts
Thank you for the referrals
For a Guest Room Upgrade
workout wear turned WFH wear
Thank you for your time
face planters and dumpling lights
For Taking a Deep Breath
Wishing you health and longevity
Heres to more coffee dates!
a gift card for Dunkin'
Urban Stems Classic Flower Subscription
Evolve Together Digital Gift Certificate
Rack up some reward miles!
Hope you feel better soon
Friends make life more beautiful
Treat yourself Youve earned it
Congratulations on your beautiful home
 You + Me = Forever
 Congratulations Graduate, you did it!
Make your own food pyramid
Your kindness meant so much
Wishing you a speedy recovery!
 Congratulations on 50 golden years!
Watch carefully&dinner is almost here
Congratulations on a well-deserved promotion
Eater Wine Club Gift Certificate
 Joy to the whole mispucha!
 Wishing you a special birthday
 [DAD/MOM/GRANDMA] you are my inspiration
 Hope this brightens your day!
BLK + GRN E-Gift Certificate
Take your homebody out shopping!
BLK MKT Vintage Gift Certificate
Hope its all half off!
Please enjoy this less-versatile money
Congratulations on your well-deserved success
Congratulations and best wishes always
Youre a really great human
Congratulations on your special day
Just touching base with you
The Cheesecake Factory Gift Certificate
We sincerely appreciate your business
Hope youll soon be well
Have a wonderful life together
 Thank you for your support
 Sending you Happy Easter Wishes!
 To the world's greatest [DAD/MOM/GRANDMA]
Add some stuff to cart
Please accept my/our deepest sympathy
Smiles are the best medicine
 I owe you big time
Congratulations on an outstanding accomplishment
 Thank you for your business
To the darling little newcomer
Lisa Says Gah E-Gift Certificate
 Have a holly, jolly Holiday!
 It's your day to shine!
Thank you for choosing us
Go get that serotonin rush!
This is grounds for fun
Trust me, youll need this
Fly by Jing Gift Certificate
Thanks for another great year!
With concern and caring sympathy
WELCOME to this gift card
 I'll never forget your kindness
Your business is always appreciated
Everyone needs a spa day!
education and personal development editor
Wishing you a belated birthday
 Just thought I'd say hello!
 Wishing you a blessed Easter!
MoMA Design Store E-Gift Certificate
Three words: Add To Cart
Don't eat the eye cucumbers
 Nice work, Mom and Dad!
our review of Otherland here
our favorite Everlane pieces here
Have a Hallmark moment already
Bravo! Youve accomplished great things
foam made from sugar cane
 Goodbye time clock! Hello world!
Were glad you joined us
Wishing you a speedy recovery
 Happy retirement We'll miss you!
The best for the best
 Thanks for all your help
Keep looking fresh and fabulous
Wishing you a wonderful day
 You did it! Congratulations, graduate!
New hears for your ears!
You deserve all the relaxation
Your achievement is an inspiration
Heres an excuse to escape
Ask for the dessert menu
This comes with sincere appreciation
Saks Fifth Avenue E-Gift Certificate
 Congratulations on your big day!
Thank you for the referrals
Thank you for your time
Thank you with a business touch
Thank you with a personal touch
Father's Day/Mother's Day/Grandparent's Day Certificate Ideas
Romantic Certificate Gifts (Valentine's Day/Sweetest Day)
Thank you for thinking of us
 Thanks [DAD/MOM], for always being there
Only the best food for you
Download those favorite jams and dance
You did it! Now spend it!
Enjoy some great music on me!
Congratulations on your new tax deduction
 I'm soooooooooooo sorry Please forgive me
Hope you dig your new digs
Youre wished a lifetime of love
Congratulations on your newest family member!
The best is yet to come!
Wishing you companionship, contentment and love
What Annie Murphy Cant Live Without
 There's no place like home! Congratulations
Thank you for your thoughtful hospitality
Dont worry, I still owe you
Tune in to a good day
You both share a special love
Add something great to your playlist!
Blockbuster, indie, animation, its your call!
Hope they spell your name right
Kudos to you! Youve earned them
This is a day to remember
Christmas is magical because we're together
Many thanks for all you do
For something naughty or nice Whichever
Wishing you a very warm Birthday
All the best  to the best
Your thoughtfulness will long be remembered
Spend some time spending some money
 I am sorry I disappointed you
Here's to another year of experience
 Good luck in your new job
The 11 Very Best Protein Powders
Americanos, lattes, frappes&get your caffeine fix!
Whats a stove, am I right?
You are always in my heart!
You can through with flying colors
Thanks for making this place bearable
Thank you for being so nice
Sending good, healthy vibes your way
 Enjoy your retirement You've earned it
 Je t'aime [FRENCH: "I love you"]
Cheer up! Be happy! Keep smiling!
Adulting is hard Hopefully this helps
Today is meant to be treasured
Sincere thanks for your extra efforts
Now do something nice for YOU
Spend it on something you love!
Congratulations on a job well done
 Have a hippity, hoppity Happy Easter
read more about MasterClass's offerings here
Good luck in the year ahead
Think of this as edible plastic
 There's no stopping you now Congratulations!
Youre off to a beautiful beginning
Way to go! Heres some dough!
Hope youre up and about soon
Dinner is on its way (soon)!
The gift of music Youre welcome!
Hope your birthday is just delicious!
 Hat's off to the graduate Congratulations!
With special thanks and much appreciation
there's also an Amtrak gift card
Sending this just to say hi
I treasure the times we share
 May your holiday season be bright
Salam Aidilfitri Maaf zahir dan batin
Love makes a house a home
Best wishes for your birthday afterwards
For my friend who knows beans
 Warm wishes on your 30th birthday
HR-approved love from me to you
You deserve all the nice things
 Congratulations! Keep up the good work
Theres Something Off About LED Bulbs
Not bragging, but this gift rocks!
 Best wishes, now the fun starts!
Read our review of Otherland here
Thank you with a business touch
Thank you with a personal touch
"Thinking of You" and "Just Because" Gifts
Hope you can use this to celebrate!
 Congratulations! Glad to hear the good news!
Your friendship means so much to me
 All my best to the birthday [GIRL/BOY]!
review of Bonobos' impressively affordable stretch chinos
 You are in my thoughts and prayers
 Please know our loving thoughts embrace you
Hope youll continue to feel better everyday
The more candles, the bigger the wish
 Lots of love on your 40th birthday
Youve made our success possible Thank you!
the top pick in our buying guide
Congratulations! Wishing you a successful journey ahead!
Your new favorite ornament is on me
Sincere good wishes on your special day
 It's always a pleasure working with you
A hearty welcome from all of us
Because we just too pretty to cook
Pro tip: The grocery store has wine
For someone too special to ever forget
Congratulations on your new bundle of blessing
 Remember, youth is wasted on the young
Welcome to another miracle in this world!
For the happy couple to happily spend
Dont forget dessert You definitely deserve it
Thank you for the vote of confidence
 Congratulations on your new bundle of joy
Wishing you the very best of health
 To happy endings and new beginnings Congratulations!
A baby is a bundle from heaven
Just because youve bean on my mind
 Best of luck in your new venture
 You are the love of my life
Life is like a patchwork of friends
This is between you and your arteries
buy it in a gift card box
Rest and relaxation are in your future
Use this to escape from your in-laws
A good mother is irreplaceable Adriana Frigiani
So happy to hear your good news
Apparently, you mean this much to me
Happiness is having a friend like you
Same Day Delivery (Order Placed By 12pm)
Wishing you life's best today and always
Thanks for being such a great friend/co-worker!
Youre one tough cookie! Get well soon!
All I want for Christmas is you
Same Day Delivery (Order Placed By 1pm)
Go where no YOU has gone before
May every day find you feeling better!
 40 is the new 30 Happy Birthday!
 With love to you and your family
A warm welcome from all of us
Now you can afford textbooks Or food
 Joy to you and yours this holiday!
 Thinking of you in these difficult times
 Happy [MOTHER'S/FATHER'S/GRANDPARENTS] Day You're my hero, [DAD/MOM/GRANDMA]
May the fires of passion burn on!
Relax and enjoy your wonderful new home!
Thanks to the most amazing work buddy!
 Hope all your dreams come true Congratulations
You deserve all your favorite things today!
Wishing you everything happy for your birthday
Beyond every cloud, there is a rainbow
 Wishing you a bright and joyous Easter!
Were sick without you Get well soon
Buy more clutter! Thats the marriage way
A babys smile makes each day worthwhile
An effort a day keeps failure away
Don't tell the others you got this
Selamat Hari Raya Aidilfitri and Happy Holidays!
Success is having you for a customer
Welcome! We look forward to serving you
Enjoy making your new place a home!
 May all your birthday wishes come true!
You're the partridge to my pear tree
Remember, youll probably have to share this
You did it! So I did this
To someone I can always talk to
Just wanted to help out a little
 May all your dreams come true Congrats
See? It was all worth it! Right??
Cheering you up with a big smile!
Fun fact: Wedded bliss often involves shopping
I figured youd know better than Santa
For the home-improvement obsessive in your life
Inspired? Create and share by tagging @HallmarkStores
Wishing you a lifetime of love and happiness
Wishing you a happy and prosperous Mid-Autumn Festival!
May you treasure today forever in your memory
Go see another rom-com (on me this time)
 Get well soon Feel better We miss you!
 May this Easter warm your heart with peace!
My mother is a walking miracle Leonardo DiCaprio
 I blew it Please give me another chance
 Hope your birthday's as terrific as you are
 You make the world a more beautiful place
 Thank you for your encouragement and support always
Thank you for making me feel so comfortable
Hope your hospital stay is a short one
You deserve all the feel-good you can get
The 18 Very Best Sunscreens for Your Face
For those his n hers towels Or something
Get what you love, love what you get
 Hope your new home is filled with joy
Please accept our deepest sympathy and heartfelt thoughts
Great news! You wont have to return this
Its a big world out there&go explore it!
 You take my breath awaytoday and every day
Dream big! (Heres some dream fuel to help)
May the future be filled with much happiness
Were wishing everything wonderful to a wonderful couple
Go see something as epic as you are!
Just a little something from me to you
 You bring joy and love to my life
Gift cards: Almost as magical as flying reindeer
Just a little something to show my appreciation
 May God bless you on your graduation day
Thinking of you May you feel better soon
We do not remember days, we remember moments
Get one of those Home Sweet Home plaques
 Congratulations and best wishes for a succesful future
Not cooking is the most delicious of all
Because of you everything is so much nicer
 &copy; 2023 Vox Media, LLC All rights reserved 
The 16 Very Best Moisturizers for Mature Skin
Wishing you a joyous celebration, Selamat Hari Raya!
Dont burn your mouth Youre already hot enough
Sending you good vibes with this gift card!
Eat Drink Be Merry Have a wonderful Christmas!
So thoughtful of you to think of us
 Drivers, watch the road! Someone just turned 16!
Cant wait for your review of this movie
A friend is someone you can lean on
 To the best [DAD/MOM/GRANDMA] in the whole world
 Like a fine wine, you improve with age
Cheers to you! Cheers to your year ahead!
Just the beginning of successes for you Congrats!
 Rejoice! He is watching over you this Easter!
 May you enjoy a long and wonderful retirement
 My love for you grows stronger every year
It was a pleasure to work with you
Santa needed help saving space in his sack
So you can keep looking better than me
Because youre never too old to spend money
  You'll always be younger than springtime Happy Birthday!
Bravo! Your hard work has truly paid off
Congratulations on your new little someone to love
Take care of yourself and feel better soon
Another reason to dress up! (Or dress down!)
Bless your new life as husband and wife
Your name has been synonymous with success! Congratulations!
 Warm Easter greetings to you and your family
May God be with you at this time
Thank you from the bottom of my heart
The love you share makes this day special
You both deserve a lifetime of beautiful tomorrows
 May happiness &amp; love move in with you
A warm welcome Thank you for choosing us!
I hope all your birthday wishes came true
May your sorrow be eased by good memories
You deserve a round of applauseand this, too
With sincere gratitude for all you have done
Is your birthday wish a gift card? Because
A little holiday treat from your favorite elf!
Just a cheery note to wish you well
Wishing you steady improvement until youre well again
 I hope you consider trying to forgive me
 Rejoice, Celebrate, and have a very Happy Easter!
 Happy Anniversary to the love of my life
Great results come from hard work Well done!
Hope this makes your sweet home even homier
 Happy 13th birthday to the world's best teenager
Thoughts of you always bring me a smile
For the ecoconscious person with a KN95 subscription
For the person who loves classic leather goods
You have no item in your shopping cart
For the person currently subsidizing five different streamers
Your love is all I need to feel complete
 May you create countless memories in your new home
Have fun getting your little cutie all geared up!
Thinking of you and wishing you a happy day
Words are so inadequate at a time like this
Hope youll be improving with each and every day
Gift card? Bacon? It was a really tough decision
Get that dish you love! With food on it!
 Congratulations on the birth of you new baby [BOY/GIRL]
 Your love and wisdom have always helped guide me
I hope this comes in handy on your adventure!
 After 10 years, I still feel like we're newlyweds
Its wonderful sharing with a good friend like you
For the thing that wouldnt fit on Santas sleigh
I never know what to get you&but you do!
 With you it's Valentine's Day 365 days a year
Not just a year older, but a year better
You eat food, right? I know you so well
A little something for you and the little one!
Christmas is the day that holds all time together
 Wishing your family a happy and healthy life together
 How sweet it is to be loved by you!
A beautiful soul deserves beautiful things in life Congratulations!
Send me a postcard with a kitten on it
 You get better with every year Happy 50th birthday!
When God shuts a door, he opens a window
May a river of gold flow into your pockets
Today is for remembering the happy times youve known
You have 12 days of Christmas to spend this
Thank You! Your business means the world to us
May your love bring happiness to all your days
Merry Christmas and Happy New ! [shoes, jeans, etc]
May all your days be filled with lasting love
We appreciate your business and your confidence in us
Your business is appreciated Thank you for choosing us
Good results are attained through hard work Happy graduation!
Beautiful people like you deserve a beautiful home Congratulations!
You are missed! Get well soon and hurry back
Your thoughtfulness meant more than words can ever say
Love is a good reason for a gift card
Warm, brown elixir of life, we pray to thee
Find a song to get stuck in your head
Travel money for your trip to happily ever after
Hope this helps bring a smile to your day
I am bad at gifts! (But you know this)
Caps in the air like you just dont care
 Someone is turning the BIG 3 - 0! Celebrate!
It is a rare friendship that feels forever new
Presents are like noses: better to pick them yourself!
 Have a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year
Offering my/our sincerest condolences to you and your family
Hope youll be in the best of health soon
There are all kinds of good things in store!
Im more thankful than mere words can ever tell
 Not once did I ever doubt you'd make it
 You have worked hard; now enjoy reaping the benefits!
With best wishes for a lifetime of happiness together
 Think of the years as gold bullionand you're rich!
Welcome aboard! Its good to have you with us
Hope youll be feeling frisky again in no time
And so The adventure begins! Congratulations on your graduation!
May you create countless memories in your new home
Ihope your birthday was as special as you are
Our sympathy and warmest thoughts are with you now
 Congratulations, and best of luck in your future endeavors
 Sending you Christmas cheer that lasts throughout the year!
With friendly thoughts and best wishes for your birthday
For laughing at all my text reactions in meetings
Trust methis is better than me shopping for you!
Hoping each new day will find you feeling better
Happy Birthday and many happy returns of the day
An especially good last-minute gift for the hard-to-shop-for teenager
Suitable for Valentine's Day, Anniversary, Sweetest Day, Just Because
For those looking to expand their Bushwick Birkin collection
Because a bottle of wine wouldnt fit in the envelope
 Happy 100th birthday You're an inspiration to all of us
You always go out of your way to be thoughtful
Something hot for someone&who has a lot of nice qualities
Thank you for making your guests feel right at home
Get ya some sugar! (With a little coffee added in)
If I know what love is, its because of you
Sharing in your happiness and wishing you all the best
 I'll never forgive myselfbut I'm hoping you will I'm sorry
How your home has been blessed with a new baby
Im there for you on rough days and spa days
Youre on the right path to a wonderful life Congratulations!
So glad to work with you Consider this a bonus!
Thank you for taking the time to meet with me
The worlds a better place because of people like you
I am delighted with your success Congratulations for this achievement!
Congratulations on your retirement Best wishes for a great future
Happy Valentines Day to the most beautiful woman I know
 In loving memory of [NAME], [HE/SHE] will be missed dearly
 You've stolen my heart I know it's in good hands
With heartfelt sympathy You are in my thoughts and prayers
Hoping this finds you well on the way to recovery
 Sending loads of love your way for a speedy recovery!
Another year older and another reason to celebrate! Happy Birthday!
Hoping the best things in life will always be yours
Congratulations on achieving a milestone Here's to a great future
I hope your birthday was all that you hoped for
Its better than me trying to shop for you, right?
My/Our sympathy and thoughts are with you and your family
Get something for yourself next time you go to Hallmark
This comes with all my best thoughts for your recovery
 Enjoy the flowers, I'm sending them just because you're you
We are born of love; love is our mother Rumi
 May your home be filled with Hanukkah light and love
Thank you, your thoughtfulness really put sunshine in my day
Hoping this adds a little extra happy to your holidays
I wont judge if you spend it all on Cheetos
 Hoping you two are blessed with many more years together
One father is more than a hundred schoolmasters George Herbert
 May your degree unlock many doors to well deserved success
Now you can get all the gift-card cards you want!
Sorry I missed you Hope to talk with you soon
Consider this your permission slip for a mini shopping spree
 Mi Amor, Te amo! [SPANISH: "My love, I love you"]
May your new little girl/boy bring you joy and happiness
Words can say so little when someones done so much
Wishing you a beautiful day and many more happy years
Our thoughts are with you in this time of sorrow
 Hope your new home is as special as you are
Wishing you a Happy Birthday and many more to come
Wishing you a happy and peaceful Eid! Selamat Hari Raya!
 Hope your recovery is a speedy one We miss you!
 Here's a toast to you on your 21st birthday! Cheers!
Just a note to keep in touch Lets talk soon
 May the promise of Easter fill your heart with joy!
Cheers on your birthday One step closer to adult underpants
 I send a kiss inside the petals of each rose
Heres to your dreams of being an elite home cook
For a cute outfit, plus maybe one for the baby
 It's not a special occasion But you're a special person
You can use this next time Im being really annoying
May love always live in the home that you share
Get yourself some brain food (Yes, pizza is brain food)
 My thoughts are with you at your time of need
 To my wife, my soul mate, my love, my life
Best wishes for today and every day in the future
I hope all your birthday dreams and wishes come true
Just a little something to say Im thinking of you
How beautiful a day can be when kindness touches it
For the person who cant stop reading our tech reviews
For the avid reader who likes to support small businesses
Give the gift of no-makeup makeup and glowing winter skin
Nothing says, I care quite like covering someones grocery delivery
Your kindness comes as a welcome touch of warmth and caring
Many loving and caring thoughts as you recover Get well soon!
College throws a lot at you at once Hope this helps
May the joy youre sharing now grow deeper day by day
Congratulations on finding each other! Your greatest adventure has just begun
Your thoughtfulness is appreciated so much more than words can say
A girl is all God has which to make a woman
 Thanks for your patience, your loving words, your kindness, your friendship
Happy Valentines Day to the most special person in my life
 You are my angel sent from Heaven above Happy Valentine's Day
Wishing you another wonderful year of happiness and joy Happy Birthday!
May God bless you and keep you in His loving care
Its so nice sharing special moments with a friend like you
Congratulations! May your dreams always be big and your worries small
Happy birthday, friend May your day be as beautiful as you
Happy birthday! You don't get older, you get better Shirley Bassey
May the joy you share today grow deeper through the years
May your memories be a source of comfort at this time
We share in your celebration of the new life you created!
You dont have to buy me a thank-you card with this
 I hurt you, but I didnt mean to Please forgive me!
 You may be over the hillbut at least you're still climbing!
 Our thoughts are with you Get well soon! Thinking of you
A mothers arms are more comforting than anyone elses Princess Diana
 Hope your surgery [GOES/WENT] well, and that your recovery is quick!
I promise not to grade you on how you spend this
 You're in my thoughts and I thought I'd let you know
 May the Festival of Lights lend a glow to your year
 A huga kissand lots of love for you on [MOTHER'S/FATHER'S/GRANDPARENTS] Day
Doesnt come close to showing you how grateful I really am
You chose each other Now you get to choose a gift!
Thanks for thinking of me Your referral is very much appreciated
Thank you for the privilege and opportunity to work with you
You both deserve the very best that life can bring you
Wishing you lots of luck and happiness in the year ahead
This is for that one time when that one thing happened
 You may be out of sight, but never out of mind
We wish you all the happiness the coming years can hold
Now you can buy something when youre up at 3 am
You always do the nicest things in just the nicest way
 If I had to do it all over again, I wouldn't
 May the promise of Easter fill you with peace and joy!
May this new year bring you good health and good fortune
 Happy Easter! Happy Spring! Thanks for all the joy you bring!
Were so happy about the arrival of your bundle of joy
May all the love youve come to know continue to grow
May this special day be filled with joy, love and laughter
Its great to see good things happen for someone so deserving
Wishing you every happiness as you celebrate the love you share
Wishing you happiness and joy in this new life you share
Trust me, this is better than a home-cooked meal from me
Dont spend this one on the kids Its all for you!
Sending you well wishes for your quick recovery and good health
 Look what the bunny found in the carrot patch! Happy Easter!
My heart is reaching out to you in sympathy and prayer
Get yourself a double whatever with an extra shot of something
Because itll be a while before youre makin the big bucks
Friendship keeps hearts in touch Thank you for being my friend
I know  life isnt fair sometimes Im here and I care
 Please accept our condolences on the loss of your [MOTHER/FATHER/OTHER RELATION]
Wishing you good fortune and happiness on this amazing Mid-Autumn day!
I hope you have a most happy and prosperous New Year
Our thoughts are with you Get well soon! Thinking of you
My hero, my helper, my friend, my dad Happy Fathers Day!
Thanks for squeezing me in I know how busy you are
 I miss you, so I am sending you a floral hug!
Well done! This is the first Keep reaching for the stars!
For anyone who might appreciate some especially colorful new home goods
&copy; 2023 Giftr Technology Pte Ltd (UEN: 202216050R) All rights reserved 
For the person who takes remote work to whole new level
If they prefer train travel, there's also an Amtrak gift card&nbsp;
For the person who has been a jet-setter since getting vaccinated
Wish I could be there to give this to you myselfmiss you!
Thank you for trusting us We look forward to exceeding your expectations!
Mother, the ribbons of your love are woven around my heart Anonymous
Sending my best wishes to make you feel better Get well soon!
Its hard to tell who is luckier, you or your new baby
God could not be everywhere, and therefore he made mothers Rudyard Kipling
&lt;&Not precisely equal to my exact level of gratitude&but its a start
Merry Christmas! May your happiness be large and your bills be small
Best wishes for a joyous Christmas filled with love, happiness and prosperity!
Im sending a bunch of happies to say Have a cheerful day!
A diamond is a piece of coal that stuck to the job
 We wish you a very Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!
 Heard that you've been under the weather Hope things clear up soon
Sorry I forgot the most important day of the year your Birthday!
Every time I see you, I fall in love all over again
Life is the flower for which love is the honey  Victor Hug
A boy is all God has with which to make a man
Hoping this finds you well on the way to a speedy recovery
Life began with waking up and loving my mother's face George Eliot
Many thanks for your inquiry Im sure we can meet your needs
This is a big deal Now go spend like a big deal
 Thanks for being a couple of role models of marriage Happy Anniversary
 I would hate for our friendship to be lost Please forgive me
 Every time you see these blooms, remember someone is thinking of you!
 Happy Anniversary - My love for you grows with each passing year
Because youve always been the one who could pick out great gifts
 On [MOTHER'S/FATHER'S/GRANDPARENT'S] Day and everyday, hope you know how much you're loved
Parenthood is one of the best journeys in life Enjoy the ride
Let me guess&youre going to see a movie where stuff blows up
Life doesn't come with a manual, it comes with a mother Unknown
Wishing you good life, luck and may all your wishes come true
Stay strong It might be stormy now, but it cant rain forever
Being in love with you makes every morning worth getting up for
Just want to add my good wishes to those youve already received
Thank you for your valued business Look forward to serving you again
How happy you must be with a new little son/daughter to love
A new house is a dream come true Congrats for the same
Many thanks for being our customer for years We value that relationship
Dont blow it all on popcorn! Or do Its your choice really
May all the dreams youre dreaming soon turn into dreams come true
Im not great at coming up with gifts Thank goodness Im sexy
Happy Valentines Day You are amazing in every way! I love you!
Coffee! It's like having a great friend around when Im not there
A little late-night shopping with a gift card never hurt anyone (probably)
Youre a Hallmark card personified, so I had to get you this
Our family wishes you love, joy and peace  today, tomorrow and always
May the love and happiness you feel today shine through the years
 We may not have it altogether but together we have it all!
With this gift card, they can choose their own luxury shopping adventure
For your friend whos been carrying around the same wallet since college
For your friend who always has a Slow Burn candle on deck
So they can upgrade to linen sheets or get a new bathrobe
For the person who likes their clothing to come with Amazon-fast shipping
Winter boot season is coming Don't leave them out in the cold 
We love Brooklinens linen bedding, as well as its oh-so-soft cotton sheets
For the person who scorched all their pans learning how to cook
For the person who spends all their money on their pet anyway
For the person whos thoroughly enjoying their New York Times Cooking subscription
Another trip around the sun calls for a trip to your favorite restaurant
 I know I have [HURT YOU/YOUR FEELINGS] - please accept my sincerest apologies
Hope your special day is made up of sharing warm and happy memories
The heart of a father is the masterpiece of nature Antoine Francois Prevost
Selamat Hari Raya Aidilfitri! Wishing you a joyous celebration and prosperous days ahead
It is inspirational to witness hard work finally give birth to success Congratulations!
 Wishing you the beauty of spring and the spirit of love this Easter!
 Wishing you eight days of peace and happiness! (and lots of potato pancakes!)
Happy Valentine's Day! Remember not to eat too much candyyou're sweet enough already
Youre so thoughtful, I got you something to help you keep doing that
Sorry I forgot your birthday Can you reschedule it for sometime next week?
Making the impossible into possible is your own style Congrats for your success!
I couldnt log on to your registry because I forget every password ever
23 Things on Sale Youll Actually Want to Buy: From CamelBak to Coach
 Thank you for being my biggest supporter I couldn't do it without you
May every year you share find you more in love with each other
If I know what love is, it is because of you Hermann Hesse
Looking at your success, it gives me the inspiration to do more Congratulations
 Frogs and snails and puppy-dogs' tails, that's what little boys are made of
Dad, your guiding hand on my shoulder will remain with me forever Unknown
 Roses are red Violets are blue Carnations are sweet And so are you!
Makes you want to do nice things for me all the time, right?
Hope you enjoy the festivities and have a great time! Selamat Hari Raya!
Just in case you ever get tired of [Kirksville] Hey, it could happen
We are so happy for you and the arrival of your new child
Just a little thanks for the big way you showed up for me
Don't just count your years, make your years count Happy birthday! George Meredith
 We have been praying for you lately, and you are in our thoughts
Your business is sincerely appreciated We look forward to continuing to serve you
Words are inadequate at a time like this Please accept my heartfelt sympathy
Thank you for your friendship, your business and the opportunity to serve you
Good times are around the corner and youll be just fine Cheer up!
This Christmas, may your family be functional and all your batteries be included
Your wedding day will come and go, but may your love forever grow
We are super proud of your accomplishments Heartiest congratulation on your graduation day
Many thanks for referring  to me Ill make sure he/she gets VIP service
Best wishes on your birthday for good health and happiness throughout the year
Hoping you find strength with each new day You are in our thoughts
Youve got all that learning Heres a little something to go with it!
So sorry youre dealing with so much! Hope this makes things 1% better
Hoping these words of sympathy will comfort you in your time of sorrow
The power of a dad in a childs life is unmatched Justin Ricklefs
Thank you for your order Continuing to serve you will be a pleasure
I know I love ya&but I dont always know what to get ya
Best wishes on this wonderful journey, as you build your new lives together
Some people don't believe in heroes, but they haven't met my dad Unknown
We value your trust and confidence and appreciate your loyalty as a customer
Warmest greetings on your birthday with every good wish for the coming year
Congratulations on your wedding day and best wishes for a happy life together!
 I am so grateful for all you do, I can't thank you enough
I was in college once, so I knew just what to get you
 Today is a very special day for sending all my love your way!
Happy birthday to the greatest gift I have ever received I love you!
Thanks for your time If you need anything, dont hesitate to call me
I may find my prince, but my dad will alwaysbe my king Unknown
May your life be as colourful and shimmering as the lights of Diwali!
So they can treat themselves to some sculpting shapewear or some cozy loungewear
Let them pick a matching set or a new slate of workout gear
Wherever they're going in 2023, you'll be part of helping them get there
Because they can never have too many sets of sheets or guest towels 
For the person whose art is tacked to the wall with push pins
Gift cards are even better when they come in a little blue box 
It was a pleasure talking with you I hope we can speak again soon
Keep smiling and one day life will get tired of upsetting you! Cheer up!
 Please accept these flowers and hear the words we are not able to speak
The waiting is finally over and you have a bundle of joy to love
 Please accept these flowers in place of the words I said I'm truly sorry
 Wishing you prosperity in business, peace in your life and happiness in your home
Are you a banana? Because I find you a-peel-ing Happy Valentine's Day my love
Turning a year older calls for a little splurge, am I right? (Im right)
I am sorry I missed your birthday Youve had so many I lost track
 Mazel tov on your Bar Mitzvah! [Send to a 13 year old Jewish boy]
Happy Valentines day, my special one Your love makes me feel over the moon
 Mazel tov on your Bat Mitzvah! [Send to a 13 year old Jewish girl]
May God hold you in His arms and heal the sorrow that you feel
Praying that you get well soon and experience the joys of being healthy again
Happy Birthday! You have to get older, but you dont have to grow up
A hundred hearts would be too few to carry all my love for you
 Wish I could turn back the time and make things right Please forgive me!
Sincerest thanks for your valued business Look forward to working with you again soon!
Good fathers do three things: they provide, they nurture and they guide Roland Warren
Congratulations on your new bundle of joy! May your world be filled with love
Your love is the best Christmas gift I could ever receive Merry Christmas, sweetheart!
May your business flourish and bring you lots of joy in the new year
 My thoughts and prayers are on you as you go through this challenging time
Gourmet dinners There are people for this Not me, but you know, other people
I hope you can use this on something you need for your new place!
Best wishes for a little progress and a little encouragement everyday during your recuperation
Reaching this milestone wasnt an easy task But you did it My heartiest congratulations
Selamat Hari Raya Aidilfitri! Wishing you and your family a prosperous and blessing celebration
 May you and your family enjoy years of happy times in your new home
Thank you for referring  to our firm We sincerely appreciate your confidence in us
Thank you for the referral Your confidence and trust in us is sincerely appreciated
 My life just wouldn't be the same without you in it I love you
Congratulations on the new home! May it bring lot more happiness in coming years
 May the joy and love you give away, return to you this [MOTHER'S/FATHER'S/GRANDPARENTS] Day!
There is only one happiness in life: to love and be loved  George Sand
You dont have to spend this on lingerie Im just saying if you wanna
I hope that for every candle on your cake you get a wonderful surprise
 Will these flowers let me out of the doghouse? I'm sorry Let's make up
May this festival of light bring peace, prosperity and happiness to all Happy Diwali!
 Roses are red, violets are blue, I am so happy that I love you!
Trust methis is better than the 60 cats I was going to get you
You deserve the best Which is why I didnt try to shop for you
There is so little one can say, but my heart goes out to you
Wishing you a season thats merry and bright with the light of Gods love
 Hope your day is sunshine and flowers with happy thoughts to fill the house
I'll miss celebrating with you this Christmas Eat a few extra cookies for me!
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams Congratulations!
F-antastic, A-wesome, T-errific, H-onorable, E-xcellent, R-emarkable This sums up my dad Happy Fathers Day!
No music is so pleasant to my ears as that wordfather Lydia Maria Child
A particularly thoughtful gift for your friend who uses their oven to store shoes
Let them choose between a luxury handbag, a makeup set, or really great jeans  
For the shopper who looks forward to Nordstroms reliably good Half-Yearly and Anniversary sales
The moms and mothers-in-law on your list will love fresh flowers delivered every month
Simply  and perfectly  designed T-shirts, casual pants, sweaters, and accessories for men and women
Whether they want a statement necklace or an everyday earring, Mejuri has them covered
Here's a housewarming gift for the friend getting ready to decorate their next space 
Of all the rights of women, the greatest is to be a mother Lin Yutang
To another Valentine's Day spent with the love of my life, and to many more
Sending warm greetings and sincere wishes for a happy and prosperous Raya Selamat Hari Raya!
Even though your family feels so complete&I thought you might be able to use this
To you, gift wrapping is an art So heres a little something for art supplies
You are the best thing that ever happened to me Happy Valentines day, my happiness
We know that you have a world full of choices, Thank You for selecting us
At this important milestone in your life, congratulations and best wishes for your continuing success
You are the pillar of strength and fountain of wisdom to me, my Dad Unknown
 You are too far away from me now, but you stay close in my thoughts
Expressing sympathy is always difficult, but all we can say is how sorry we are
Selamat Hari Raya! May you and your loved ones be blessed with happiness and peace!
 Sugar and spice and all that's nice, that's what little girls are made of Congratulations!
Sending loads of hugs and kisses I hope they make you feel happy and healthy
Life being a journey, Success has brought you many miles ahead of many people Congratulations
Love is something eternal; the aspect may change, but not the essence  Vincent van Gogh
 I hate fighting, and I'm sorry for my part of this one! Please forgive me
 No matter the distance between our homes, the distance between our hearts will never change
Youve got great taste in music, so you should know what to do with this
How do you expect me to remember your birthday, when you never look any older?
 I love you just as much as I did on our wedding day Happy anniversary
A mother is the one who fills your heart in the first place Amy Tan
Sending hugs, kisses and this little gift to let you know Im thinking of you!
When it rains, it pours but soon, the sun shines again Better days are ahead
There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved George Sand
May your new home be a special place to live, to love and to grow
Hope this helps get you that thing that brings the cozy to your new place
I am wishing you a great sense of accomplishment as you celebrate your hard work
A father is someone you look up to no matter how tall you grow Unknown
 Happy Silver Wedding Anniversary! After 25 years, you still make my heart skip a beat
 Our deepest sympathy to you and your family From all your friends at [BUSINESS NAME]
Congratulations on your new home and all of the memories that it will soon house
Youre so great Im really glad you turned out to be MY dad!Happy Fathers Day!
Budding beauty bloggers would flip over a gift card from the makeup and scent emporium
For the friend who loves going to see their favorite artists and teams play live
Help the cord cutter in your life upgrade to Hulu+, which comes with live TV
Gift them a gift card for all conceivable forms of tech, home appliances, and more&nbsp;
You were smart enough to do THAT, so you can figure out how to spend THIS
Let's make this Diwali joyous and bright, Let's celebrate in true sense this Festival of Light!
The hand that rocks the cradle, is the hand that rules the world W R Wallace
Thinking of you and your family and wishing you all a year that outshines the rest
 If I told you to "Get Well Soon," it wouldn't be soon enough Get Well Now
 Our deepest sympathies during your time of loss Please know that we are here for you
 [NAME] will always be in our hearts and memories With Sympathy, The [YOUR LAST NAME] Family
Thank you for bringing so much love, joy, and adventure into my life I love you
With every good wish for your retirement May this be the start of your best years
Happy Mid-Autumn Festival! May the round moon bring you a happy family and a successful future
Congratulations for the new nest May the warmth of new home keep you all happy always
Happy Anniversary! Thank you for being a part of our success now and in the future
Thank you for your continued business We look forward to working with you in the future
Health, wealth and endless joy is what I wish for you and your family this year
We know you have a world full of choices and appreciate that you have selected us
You are in my thoughts If there is anything I can do, please let me know
 I want you to know that I am here for you at this time of grieving
To the world, you may be one person, but to one person you are the world
Happy Valentines day, my dearest May the love you spread find its way back to you
 A lifelong search has reached an end I've found both my love and my best friend
To the world you are a mother, but to your family you are the world Unknown
All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother Abraham Lincoln
May the comfort of friends and family be your strength for today and the days ahead
Thinking of youhope all is well Let me know if I can help in any way
 May the Festival of Lights bring blessings upon you and all your loved ones Happy Hanukkah!
Wishing you all the goodness in the world and all the  this gift card can buy
I would choose you again and again Happy Valentine's Day to the woman of my dreams
 We may not have it altogether but together we have it all! Please lets start over
Thank you for meeting with me If you need anything, Im only a phone call away
 I was feeling defensive and when I feel defensive, sometimes I say things I don't mean
Thanks from all of us for  years of your business We look forward to many more
I hate to see you feeling blue so here is my get well wish to you
 Dream big - Reach far - Shine brightly - You're a star, Congratulations on your Graduation!
 When the whole world left, you were there with open arms Thanks for being my friend!!
Hope this Mooncake Festival is the beginning of of all that is the brightest for you
Yes, for all the crocheted trivets (and face planters and dumpling lights) their heart could desire
The stationery obsessive in your life is bound to go wild over Bandos stickers and notebooks
Who doesn't love buttery soft fabric, comfortable workout attire and cool athleisure? We know we do!
Give your workout buddy the chance to try something new with a gift card to ClassPass
May your family be showered with health and prosperity Wishing you a blessed and joyous Hari Raya!
Happy Valentines day 2022 May you celebrate love not only this one day but throughout the year
 You were there for me when I needed you the most! Thank you for being my friend!
Wishing you all the best in this exciting new stage of your lives with your new baby
Relax and sleep well in your new abode Hope it proves a great place of comfort Congrats!
Sending you my warm wishes full of love, peace and prosperity on Hari Raya Aidilfitri Salam Aidilfitri!
May your love story be as magical and charming as in fairy tales! Congratulations on the wedding!
Love doesnt make the world go round Love is what makes the ride worthwhile  Franklin P Jones
Heres to a Valentines Day filled with good wine, good food and especially good friends like you
Heartfelt congratulations to a perfect pair! Here's to a beautiful couple and a lifetime of wonderful memories
To the most amazing woman who I am lucky enough to call my wife, Happy Valentine's Day
 We've both grown together through these years I am looking forward to maturing even more with you
May it help in some way to know that friends are sharing the sorrow of your heart
Just so you know, I have faith in you Youll be okay Youre stronger than you know
 A new baby is like the beginning of all things - wonder, hope, a dream of possibilities
May the glow of the moon surround you and light your way to health, happiness and prosperity
 I wish I could be there with you Know that you are with me in my thoughts
 I can't thank you enough, so please accept my flowers as a small token of my appreciation
A birthday is just the first day of another 365-day journey around the sun Enjoy the trip
Thank you for being there every day with just the love and guidance Ive neededHappy Fathers Day!
 Our thoughts and prayers are with you during this difficult time We are sorry for your loss
Youre a gift in my life And not the kind Id return for store credit Merry Christmas!
Any man can be a father, but it takes someone special to be a Dad Anne Geddes
May your new home be filled with love and laughter, good fortune, the sunshine, and happiness Congratulations!
A father so handsome, a mom so pretty  no wonder your newborn is such a sweetie Congratulations
Congratulations on making all of us proud of you We are so happy for you my dear
May God hold you in the palm of His hand and comfort you with His everlasting love
Bright moon and stars twinkling and shining, wishing you a Mooncake Festival full of bliss and happiness!
We appreciate the opportunity to serve you Please call me whenever I can be of further service
No tape can ever measure, the extent to which a child can become a parents treasure Congratulations
 Im so sorry for hurting your feelings - I take back my words! Hope youll forgive me!
Selamat Hari Raya Aidilfitri! May this season of forgiveness bring peace to fill your heart and home
I love you more than I have ever found a way to say to you  Ben Folds
Accept my congratulations from the bottom of my heart I am proud to be your friend Congratulations!
They can spend it on the latest games and entertainment like movies, TV, music, apps, and more&nbsp;
Any sporty  and sustainable  giftee will love shopping Girlfriend Collectives collection of athleisure made from water bottles
A gift card to Gorjana is an invitation to pick earrings or rings they'll never take off 
Reds, whites, and ross delivered straight to their door are perfect for the hostess on your list 
Whether theyre looking for a new pair of hoops or an engagement ring, Mejuri has it all
A gift that everyone from your Billie Eilish superfan niece to your Dead Head uncle will enjoy
For that sports bra, yoga mat, or some mens pants that are just as flattering on women
Dads are most ordinary men turned by love into heroes, adventurers, story-tellers and singers of song -Pam Brown
May your new bundle of joy bring happiness in your life and fill a void in your heart
Love is a promise, love is a souvenir, once given never forgotten, never let it disappear John Lennon
May the joy of this festive season light your life with love, peace and hope Selamat Hari Raya!
If anything in the world is everlasting, it is my love for you Happy Valentines day my love
You're now a team of two Congrats on an unbeatable union! Wishing you a happy and successful marriage
 Now is the time to enjoy all the things you never had time to do when you worked
Merry Christmas! I put so much thought into your gift that now it's too late to get it
By the time this reaches you I hope youll be well on the road to a speedy recovery
If love is sweet as a flower, then my mother is that sweet flower of love Stevie Wonder
Mother's love is the fuel that enables a normal human being to do the impossible Marion C Garretty
Do not seek the becausein love there is no because, no reason, no explanation, no solutions Anais Nin
Let us raise a toast for a happy and healthy future Wishing you a very blessed Mid-Autumn Day!
A simple celebration, a gathering of friends; here is wishing you great happiness, a joy that never ends
My father gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person, he believed in me Jim Valvano
 Our love is a journey, with a beginning but no end We will walk the path together forever
May lifes brightest joys illuminate your path, and may each days journey bring you closer to your dreams!
It may be possible to gild pure gold, but who can make his mother more beautiful? Mahatma Gandhi
Life is too short for us to dwell on sadness Cheer up and live life to the fullest
A mother is a woman who shows you the light when you just see the dark Grimaldos Robin
Love is a promise, love is a souvenir, once given never forgotten, never let it disappear  John Lennon
Or go with an Airbnb gift card if theyve already accrued enough airline miles to last a lifetime
Brooklinen is also offering e-gift cards, to snag their very own luxury sheets, bedding, towels, loungewear and more 
Were fans of Instagram-friendly cookware brand Our Place, which makes some of our favorite do-it-all pots and pans
Whether they want a Super Puff or TikTok-famous vegan-leather pants, this gift card will help get them there
57Hours will help your recipient plan everything from ski day trips to a 21-day mountaineering expedition in Argentina
Shipping perishables can be logistically difficult, but a Milk Bar gift card wont go bad in the mail
For the movie buff whose idea of a perfect Saturday is sneaking into three screenings in a row
Whatever they spend this on, you can be sure they'll get something great that'll last them for years&nbsp;
Every product is independently selected by (obsessive) editors Things you buy through our links may earnus a commission
If you want to get them a sweater you know they'll love, let them pick it out themselves
Every product is independently selected by (obsessive) editors Things you buy through our links may earn usa commission
Let them select the location and the company, but you'll foot the bill for their next great adventure&nbsp;
Every editorial product is independently selected If you buy something through our links,New Yorkmay earn an affiliate commission
Happy New Year! You make our family so proud, and we wish you nothing but continued success and happiness
Without you I am nothing, with you I am everything Thank you to be my everything Happy Valentines Day!
May this Hari Raya celebration be the brightest and best you ever had Wishing you a sparkling Hari Raya!
May this success lead to a greater achievement in the years to come Congratulations for present and upcoming successes
 All of my heart, I send to you All of my life, I'll spend with you I love you!
 Thank you for the memories of yesterday, for the happiness today, and the promise of all tomorrows! Happy Anniversary!
If you want to spend part of this on your favorite family member, who am I to stop you?
Here's to you twowishing my two favorite lovebirds a lifetime of happiness and love Congrats on a beautiful wedding!
Some are dreamers, some are talented You are both May you achieve more success ahead Congratulations on this success
Congratulations to the new parents for entering into the world of constant squeals, nappy changes and late night meals
Only mothers can think of the future - because they give birth to it in their children Maxim Gorky
Wish you a very happy Diwali, may this festival of light always enlighten the path of success for you!
 It's still a mystery to me, I haven't got a clue, how I got so lucky and found you!
I thank God every day for making me a part of your life Happy Valentines Day my better half!
 I love you for not only who you are, but for who I am when I am with you
Marriage is so beautiful You have finally found that one person you get to annoy all through your life
A mother is not a person to lean on, but a person to make leaning unnecessary Dorothy Canfield Fisher
Dad, my kids say I am a good father; I know I got it from you Happy Fathers Day
I wish that your career and life, just like the round moon on Mid-Autumn Day, be bright and perfect
I wish there was a word more than love itself to convey what I feel for you Faraaz Kazi
 Adoption is when a child grew in its mommy's heart instead of her tummy Congratulations on your new arrival!
Get them this gift card, then send them our guide to all the best things to buy at Nike
Gift them a Hulu gift card so they can watch all their favorites from under a pile of blankets&nbsp;
Give the gift of Skims with this special gift card Now, your recipient can choose whatever their heart desires 
Studs is a perennial Strategist favorite for its wide range of funky earring designs that wont break the bank
The newly engaged couple on your list will be overjoyed with whatever dent this makes in their wedding expenses
Choose from a variety of holiday-themed cards so they can browse colorful, bohemian housewares before finding their dream gift
Outdoor Voices is home to lots of fashion-forward athletic apparel, from the famed exercise dress to skorts and leggings&nbsp;&nbsp;
This super soft bamboo brand has bedding, loungewear and more that all make perfect gifts they can choose themselves 
Dont know their size? Dont worry Size-inclusive label Universal Standard will have them covered from size 00 to 40
From movies to audiobooks to TV shows, your loved one has many options with a Google Play gift card
They can get a Strategist-approved puffy laptop case, a chic leather bucket bag, or the classic reusable nylon tote
So they dont have to use their parents account to watch The Great British Baking Show or The Watcher
You are the sun to my sky and the color of my life I love you to infinity and beyond
We are simply one soul in two-body; may our love grow stronger with the days passing by Happy valentines day
Happy Valentines Day to the truest and most beautiful soul I know May your day fills with love and laughter
No matter how tough things are, I have so much faith in you You are amazing and will be okay
Congratulations to proud new parents! May these tiny feet will tiptoe with love into your hearts and stay there forever!
Recovery is hard workbut youre not alone Not a day goes by that you arent thought of and wished well
Graduation is a time for celebration, a time of reflection, and a time look ahead Wishing you a bright future
They say the best Christmas gifts come from the heart  but cash and gift cards do wonders too! Happy Holidays!
One of the most glorious messes in the world is the mess created in the living room on Christmas Day
 I am sorry you are not feeling well I am praying for you to have a complete and quick recovery
With this gift card, they can download the latest games and add-ons, watch movies, and more from their PlayStation 4&nbsp;
When youre at a complete loss, a gift card to Amazon really does allow them to do all the deciding
Most people won't have too much trouble putting Uber credit to good use, whether they're going out or ordering in
Nike also lets you pick from a swath of gift card designs, including team themes for the Lakers and Knicks&nbsp;
Great Joness good-looking cookware has been approved by multiple experts for its durability and how easy it is to clean
If &trendy clothes& is their middle name, consider getting them a gift card to H&amp;M The style finds are limitless 
This website requires cookies for full functionality By continuing to use the site, you agree to our use of cookies
If they love candles but you're not sure of what scents they like, they can choose their own at Otherland
From jewelry to clothing and home decor, the online marketplace surely has something unique that'll fit the bill for them
From blobby candles to gradient puzzles, there are tons of cool home and lifestyle items to choose from at Areaware
Success, progress, prosperity, peace, health, wealth, happiness, and love May all these embrace you upon your move into your new home
Its that time of year for feasting, celebrating and looking forward to a happy and prosperous year ahead Enjoy every moment!
Happiness is in the air; it's Diwali everywhere; let's show some love and care to everyone out there Have ajoyous Diwali!
 How can I begin to say I'm sorry I didn't mean to upset you I hope that you can forgive me
 Graduation is a time to celebrate your achievements, prepare for a future of opportunities and embrace a world of infinite possibilities
Love recognizes no barriers It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope  Maya Angelou
You know when youre in love when you cant fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams Dr Seuss
I realized when you look at your mother, you are looking at the purest love you will ever know Mitch Albom
 You're the twinkle in my eye, you're the song in my laugh, you're the light in my smile You're my everything
 I love you today, as I did from the start I'll love you forever, with all of my heart Happy Anniversary!
Wishing you and family a warm and blessed Aidilfitri, showered with love and happiness, with laughters and joy! Selamat Hari Raya!
Know a person whose entire personality is their pet? They'll love an excuse to buy their furry best friend another treat 
For when you want to get them a Boat and Tote but arent sure what monogram (or ironic phrase) theyd prefer
Instead of sending a gift basket, send them a gift card to choose their own, according to their tastes and preferences 
Gift two weeks of Sunbasket (three recipes per week) meal delivery kit They'll thank you for each and every delicious bite 
They can use this gift card on rides to the airport or to Uber Eats some late-night munchies to their door
Here's a gift card that any friend will appreciate, whether she likes to shop for simple sweaters or luxe party dresses
They've always wanted a vintage Herms Kelly bag or Cartier tank watch This gift card will get them a little closer 
Pair it with a bottle of wine, popcorn, and some warm and fuzzy socks for a perfect night spent at home&nbsp;
As the brand says, &Don't lose sleep over finding the perfect gift& Parachute makes it easy with their digital gift card
A Headspace subscription isn't just a one-off gift It's a way for your loved ones to build a more mindful routine  
If you really dont know them at all, anywhere Amex is accepted, theyll be able to swipe this gift card, too
Whether it's for your parents' ski cabin, your best friend's dog, or your fly-fishing uncle, Orvis has just about everyone covered
Sending prayers and hearty Christmas greetings to you May you receive the most special of Gods blessings during this amazing Christmas season!
Happy Valentines Day to the most special person in my life You are my love, my heart, my joy, and my valentine
Cheer up Although life may not be easy now, in the end its all worth it Everything will get better in time
On this joyous occasion, may you be blessed with happiness and your home be graced with warmth and peace! Selamat Hari Raya!
A mother is she who can take the place of all others but whose place no one else can take Certificateinal Mermillod
Take the time to really enjoy your childs infancy; after all, they do grow up so fast Congratulations on your new life
If I were asked to define motherhood I would have defined it as love in its purest form Unconditional love Revathi Sankaran
 I miss seeing you, and so I wanted to send you some flowers to let you know I am thinking of you
I'm so lucky to have such a great friend like you who'd forgive me if I forgot your birthday Happy Belated Birthday!
There is something you must always remember You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem and smarter than you know
Words will fail to describe my love for you One life would be too short to live with you Happy valentines day
 Wishing you eight days and nights of happiness for Hanukkah! We hope that Chanukah does indeed bring you a festival of lights
You still make me laugh You still give me butterflies And I'm still falling for you every single day Happy Valentine's Day!
Your fitness-obsessed friend already has all the gear they need They may be missing out on Ob's on-demand cardio and strength classes
With this gift card, theyll be able to shop big-ticket furniture items as well as a curated collection of our favorite things
Explorers everywhere will love a gift card from the iconic gear brand, Huckberry Choose  from an array of pre-loaded virtual gift cards
Glossier is the one-stop-shop for all things skincare, makeup and beauty Your skincare-obsessed friend will have a blast loading their virtual carts
Housing products for face, body, hair and more, The Body Shop sells something for everyone They won't be disappointed with this one 
Another great beauty buy, Winky Lux has an array of makeup and skincare to shop for the makeover-obsessed giftee in your life 
Jewelry can be tough, but it doesn't have to be If they're a Catbird fan, there's no chance you can fail here
The hard-to-shop-for guy in your life will find everyday wear as well as gear for just about any outdoor activity at Huckberry
At Macys, theyll be able pick out whatever they want in any number of categories  from clothing to beauty products to homewares
Or you could give them credit toward their next Lyft ride, through the app where they can also rent a Citi Bike
Supply the gift card, and leave it up to the stylish person on your list to decide what they want from Revolve
Zappos is a one-stop-shop selling clothes, shoes, and accessories for the entire family, which makes it perfect for nearly any fashion-forward giftee
During thisMooncake Festival time, the bright, full moon wishes you many blessings, sincere and long-lasting friendship, and always good fortune in the future
Finally, you can bid adieu to late night studies and uncountable sacrifices of enjoyment Your Graduation day is finally here Cheers! Hearty congratulations
I have a special mother, this I truly know I could not ask for better, my mother, I love her so Julie Hebert
Your first steps into your new home are your first steps into your new life Here's to the beginning of something beautiful Congratulations
May your babys future be brighter than the suns radiant beam, may your little child fulfill all your dreams Congratulations for your newborn
On your special day, I wish you good luck I hope this wonderful day will fill up your heart with joy and blessings
Dad, whenever I am in trouble or in need of guidance, you are the one that I look up to Thanks for everything
Whether they're training for a marathon or a 5k, the most active people in your life will love new gear for &quot;Doing Things&quot;
For the person who collects old Jet magazines and has been trying to get their hands on an original Black Panther Party newspaper
Whether theyre tall, short, or curvy, Madewell has a pair of jeans (and a ton of other Strategist-favorite clothing) that will suit them
For beauty enthusiasts, it's hard to top a Glossier gift card, which they can use on the brand's bestselling skincare and makeup products
Give a sweet gift to your loved one with a Milk Bar gift card They can choose from cakes, cookies, pies and more
Who's the preppiest person you know? What're you going to get them for their birthday? Might we suggest a J Crew e-gift card?
They're a gamer, but you don't know which console or games they have Rest assured that a gift card will have you covered
This cosmetics brand is a great place to give a gift card to, with plenty of affordable options to shop for all ages 
In addition to Anthropologies in-house brands, your giftee will be able to shop labels like MOTHER, Calvin Klein, Levis, Sunday Riley, and more
If their bathroom cabinets are filled with sheet masks and serums, theyll probably be delighted by the gift of K-beauty from Soko Glam
 The beauty of these roses cannot match the beauty and depth of the love I feel for you You are always in my heart!
My love for you is never-ending and never-fading It will only increase as days and years pass by Wishing you a happy valentines day!
My heart to you is given, oh do give yours to me; Well lock them up together, and throw away the key Frederick Saunders
Another adventure filled year awaits you Welcome it by celebrating your birthday with pomp and splendor Wishing you a very happy and fun-filled birthday!
With you, the world feels like the most beautiful place to me, as if I am in heaven Happy Valentines Day to my love
Selamat Hari Raya Aidilfitri! Great joy to you and all in your family May Hari Raya bring you cheer all throughout the wonderful year!
A good father is one of the most unsung, unpraised, unnoticed, and yet one of the most valuable assets in our society Billy Graham
I am not a camera but Im really good at picturing us together I wish I could show them to you Happy valentines day!
Anything is possible  all you have to do is believe in yourself Wishing you all the best in what lies ahead and good luck
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched They must be felt with the heart Helen Keller
Give them some zen with a gift card to Alo Yoga There, they can shop yoga clothes, accessories and more on their own time
Shirts, socks, jeans  whatever it is, there's room in their wardrobe for something from Bonobos Read our review of Bonobos' impressively affordable stretch chinos
For the fashionista on your list whom you wouldnt dare shop for, this Danish fashion brand serving up effortless cool-girl style definitely wont disappoint
For the person whod like to improve their sleep, we love Lunya for its machine-washable silk sets and cooling cotton PJs, among other things
Our beauty writer Rio Viera-Newton is psychotically obsessed with Ulta, and especially with how it offers both drugstore and luxury brands side by side
If they need any suggestions of what to buy with a Golde gift card, were big fans of the Superwhisk and Turmeric latte blend
Depending on the recipient and how much they enjoy their home-improvement tasks, this may be the most exciting gift they receive during the holidays
If you want to give them the gift of jewelry this season but don't know what they may enjoy, consider a Gorjana gift card
For anyone in need of a new wardrobe or even furniture, a Macy's gift card gives them access to seemingly endless clothes and accessories
After every storm the sun will smile; for every problem there is a solution, and the souls indefeasible duty is to be of good cheer
Marriage is about finding true love and sharing a common, beautiful dream Congrats on the find, and here's to making that dream come to life!
I hope that every day you two spend together is as blissful and love-filled as possible Here's to one of my all-time favorite couples! Congratulations
Youve had more than your share of challenges this year Wishing you peace and hope at Christmas and a new year full of better days
I think in a lot of ways unconditional love is a myth My mom's the only reason I know it's a real thing Conor Oberst
To describe my mother would be to write about a hurricane in its perfect power Or the climbing, falling colors of a rainbow Maya Angelou
A mother's love is patient and forgiving when all others are forsaking, it never fails or falters, even though the heart is breaking Helen Rice
If you cant tell the difference between Gods of War and Gears of War, you should probably just give your favorite gamer a gift card
For your New York bestie, this egift card for Greenpoints brick-and-mortar-only destination for dinner-party essentials is the perfect combo of a digital and physical gift
From the CloudKnit sweatpants to the MegaFleece to the exercise dress, Outdoor Voices has plenty of Strat-approved workout wear turned WFH wear to choose from
If your friend or loved one is all about their furry friend, they'll be pleased to receive a gift card from Petsmart without a doubt 
Do you see this great gift idea? A Warby Parker gift card is great for glasses wearers, letting them pick some new frames or accessories 
Madewell is home to bestselling denim, clothing, shoes, and accessories, making this gift card a great gift for anyone in need of some new apparel
Theres no better housewarming present than a gift card to the MoMa Design Store Theyll have their choice of unique home goods, furniture, and art
According toGhetto Gastro co-founder Jason Gray, Salt Fat Acid Heat author Samin Nosrat keeps Fly By Jings Sichuan Chili Crisp out on her kitchen counter
A Victoria's Secret gift card is always a great gift Your special someone can choose from silky pajamas, sweet body mists, yummy lipglosses and more
Another good option for pet owners is a Petco gift card  if you think they (or their pet) may like picking out their own toys
Hoping to deliver a little extra comfort with your gift? Weve got ideas for what to write inside in a get-well card that should help
Valentines Day is a very special occasion to let you know what an important place you have in my heart I love you! Happy Valentines Day!
May you receive lots of red envelopes and have a wonderful family gathering (without facing the annoying question, Why Are You Still Single?) Happy New Year!
Try not to think of it as a hospital stay Think of it as a spa package that includes meals, regular health evaluations and jello cubes
I am the luckiest child in the world because I have the most amazing father in the world Happy Fathers Day to you, my wonderful father
A dad is someone who wants to catch you when you fall Instead he picks you up, brushes you off and lets you try again Unknown
 They say you only fall in love once, but that can't be true Every time I look at you, I fall in love all over again
As the moon shines brighter,And hearts grow lighter,Our sincere Raya wish is forblessings to flourish,And may you have a warm and joyous celebrationSelamat Hari Raya Aidilfitri!
Love as powerful as your mothers for you leaves its own mark  to have been loved so deeply  will give us some protection forever JK Rowling
Welcome to a lifetime of always saying "yes" when you really mean "no" In other words, welcome to married life, buddy! Just kiddingcongratulations on your marriage!
I may not be with you at all times, but I want you to know that you are never out of my heart I love you!
For the dog people, the best gift may just be gifts for their pup Barkbox will send them a box of toys and treats every month&nbsp;
Lately our staff group chat has been buzzing with affordable designer finds in Ends sales bin, so a gift card here should go a long way
Gift a year of movies, shows and stories with a one year gift subscription to Disney+ Netflix and chill just got a whole lot more fun
Teens can be especially hard to shop for, but they'll be grateful for an assist with updating their cell phone or saving for a new laptop
The answer may be as simple as a gift card Better yet: an e-gift card that can be delivered right to their email inbox within seconds 
They already have their personal beauty favorites With this gift card, they won't have to use their precious Sephora points on that new lipstick or foundation
When it comes to beauty products, Ulta will 1000% have them covered They can use their gift card on everything from skincare essentials to makeup sets
As the brand describes it, drinks come true with Winc So allow your recipient the drink of their dreams with a gift card they'll definitely appreciate 
If youre looking for a gift card for someone who loves to cook, Material Kitchen makes sculptural-looking cookware (and its Japanese-style knife is a real knockout)
Son, brother, father, lover, friend There is room in the heart for all the affections, as there is room in heaven for all the stars Victor Hugo
Another year will be over, another year will come I hope and pray that the lights of Diwali illuminate the new chapter of your life Happy Diwali!
 You have a very special place, that no one else can fillbecause you mean so much to me, and you know you always will! Happy [MOTHER'S/FATHER'S/GRANDPARENTS] Day!!!
May you be gifted with lifes biggest joys and never-ending bliss After all, you yourself are a gift to earth, so you deserve the best Happy birthday
 I know you are going through a lot right now My thoughts are with you, and know that I am here for you if you need help
Its just one day in the year, but you should know that I love you every day and every moment Take my love on this beautiful occasion!
Casetify offers so many custom case designs and collections to keep phones, tablets, and laptops protected that its probably best to just let them choose their favorite
For the person in need of some major TLC, this gift card will let them choose between relaxing bath salts, a massage-oil candle, or a Strategist-approved vibrator
Ranging from accessories to shoes and tops to bottoms, Urban Outfitters has it all With a gift card, your lucky giftee will have some fun shopping days!
So they can indulge in the infamously maximalist menu and order all the chicken-parm pizzas, fried mac-and-cheese balls, and slices of white-chocolate raspberry-truffle cheesecake their heart desires
In addition to straightforward gift cards, BaubleBar has gift cards for specific items, like custom bracelets, phone cases, hair clips, or necklaces for a more personal touch
Know someone who's moving into a new place? Try handing them a Wayfair gift card, and grant them access to thousands of home furnishings, on your dime 
If your giftee is wild about furniture and decor, then they will be head over heels for this Pottery Barn gift card Trust us with this one
MOUTH sends delicious small-batch, indie food products to help small businesses grow and make it more convenient for the average person to discover the best new goods&nbsp;
A father is neither an anchor to hold us back nor a sail to take us there, but a guiding light whose love shows us the way Unknown
Time runs so fast when Im with you Every second we spend together is so wonderful May life offers us more time to spend together! Happy valentines day
This Diwali let us give thanks to all we hold dear: our health, our family, our friends, and to the grace of God which never ends Happy Diwali!
Some people get wiser with age Some people get richer with age But everybody gets older with age So good luck on the other two, and happy birthday!
 I just wanted to say that I'm sorry for hurting you, and if you have it in your heart to forgive me, I want us to start anew
Happy birthday! Your life is just about to pick up speed and blast off into the stratosphere Wear a seat belt and be sure to enjoy the journey
They say you lose your memory as you grow older I say forget about the past and live life to the fullest today Start with cake Happy birthday
Let them custom frame one of their best memories It's something they'll probably never shell out for on their own, but they'll love having it around the house
Have a sports junkie on your hands? If so, an ESPN+ subscription is exactly what they'll want They'll get to enjoy a plethora of live sports and originals 
If they're always running around and don't have time to cook, your giftee will be thrilled to receive a Freshly gift card that will feed them tasty meals 
If theyre anything like Strategist writer Tembe Denton-Hurst, who checks the retailers website daily, theyll be happy to have this ASOS gift card to cover their next haul
Another great meal delivery gift card option, Blue Apron will meet all of their tasty needs and more This gift card also never expires and carries no fees
For the stylish friend in your life who loves block colors, there's always an Everlane e-gift card to gift Let them run wild, on clothes that won't run 
Life will keep changing but there is one thing that will remain constant till the day you die  your love for your child Congratulations for finding something so magical
There is no velvet so soft as a mothers lap, no rose as lovely as her smile, no path so flowery as that imprinted with her footsteps Archibald Thompson
Dad, you are my best friend, my guide, and my teacher You have always been there when I needed you the most Wishing you a very happy Fathers Day
On this special day, all I wish for you is that you find the arms that give you the warmth of love and hugs of strength Happy valentines day
To accomplish great things we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe My heartiest congratulations on your achievement today! You really deserve it
The two of you are meant for each other and this day only cinches it My very best wishes to the both of you for a wonderful life together
One day is definitely not enough to honor dads around the world But here are my heartiest wishes to you daddy I love you the most Happy fathers day
At Zappos, your loved one can purchase a variety of shoes and clothing from brands like UGG, Steve Madden, Marc Jacobs and more for men, women and even kids 
A gift card from Madewell can be used to buy tons of trendy clothing including great quality denim, dresses, shoes, accessories and more Who doesn't love a shopping spree?
This ones for the beauty-obsessed person on your list who has already tried everything at Sephora Theyll love diving into everything Ah-Shi, an Indigenous-owned beauty brand, has to offer
If you know a loved one looking to trick out their patio this year, try gifting them a Frontgate gift card They'll thank you, and their home will, too 
Dad, you have given me the best things in life: Your time, your care, and your love I am truly grateful to have you in my life Happy Father's Day!
It's always best to write something personal Try writing about: A memory you share with your mother/father/grandparent - A recollection of your childhood Mention qualities unique to your your relationship
Know someone who just achieved a major milestone or goal they were striving for? Help them revel in their personal win with a gift card and a supportive little message
Especially perfect for anyone moving to a new dorm or apartment, a Target gift card gives them access to everything from home essentials and decor to clothes and pantry staples
A romantic card message would be to repeat something that you said in your wedding vows or write a line from her favorite love poem, romance movie or quote Or
Re-stock their kitchen with must-have cooking, baking and other supplies they will love forever They also sell tasty treats, decor and more, so your recipient has plenty to choose from 
If they're in need of trendy new eyewear, a Warby Parker gift card will help them find the best frames for them, especially with the brand's famed at-home try-on service
The plant parent in your life will be delighted at the idea of getting a new green baby (or some new tools to help them care for the existing ones)
Gift your special person a gift card to Uncommon Goods, where everything is all out of the ordinary They are bound to find unique items they can't find anywhere else 
Make the world a better place Make amends Make peace Be kind Take responsibility for your actions Explain your actions To apologize and confess our faults and mistakes is healthy
If they always order in, they'll totally appreciate a DoorDash gift card to buy meals from their favorite local restaurants  plus it's a great way to promote supporting small businesses! 
Particularly great for home cooks and committed bakers, a Williams Sonoma gift card can go towards sturdy cookware, adorable baking supplies, and other quality essentials and accessories for their kitchen
Allbirds makes the world's most comfortable shoes from sustainable materials like merino wool, eucalyptus leaves, and foam made from sugar cane They're especially popular in New York City and Silicon Valley
If they live in a big city or don't own a car, they'll definitely appreciate a Lyft gift card to help them get around town Take it from us city dwellers 
Protect their new electronics and shoe off their personal style with a fun case from Casetify They also sell other tech accessories, like AirPod cases, laptop cases, watch straps and more 
If they're especially hard to shop for, let them pick out a luxury stores designer treat, toys for their kids, handy gadgets for their kitchenor anything else they can dream up 
According to several teens weve spoken to, Lisa Says Gah is the perfect place to get hair clips for a Phoebe Buffay or any girl who fits the wacky artistic-but-cool archetype
For the basics, JCrew has some of the best quality and style for the price It also has frequent sales, meaning they may get more value out of their gift card
If the person you're shopping for loves playing video games, buy them a gift card from GameStop They can put the gift card towards a new game, headset, console and more 
Zappos is the home of pretty much every type of shoe imaginable, and a gift card can go towards the sneakers, boots, sandals, or loafers they've been eyeing for a while
If they happen to be big book lovers, a Bookshop gift card is a simple and appreciated gift As a bonus, every purchase on the site gives back to local bookstores
Instead of sending flowers, send the gift of plants, letting them pick their own at Bloomscape You can also shop for care tools, too, like watering cans, pruning tools and more 
If they enjoy cooking in the kitchen but don't love running around the grocery store to find all the ingredients for their desired recipe, consider getting them a HelloFresh gift card
May the bright and festive glow of the New Year candle warm your days Hope you have a wonderful time enjoying the New Year and may you be happy in every way
Today being fathers day, dad, I just want to tell you that I love you and appreciate everything that youve done for me May God never stop blessing you Happy Fathers Day!
On your birthday, I thought of giving you the cutest gift in the world But then I realized that is not possible, because you yourself are the cutest gift in the world
HelloFresh is a meal kit delivery service that drops off fresh ingredients for delicious home-cooked meals It makes week-time prep easier, and it helps amateur and experienced cooks conveniently expand their repertoire&nbsp;
A cute little message is great for a gift card If you want to go a little more emotional, weve got lots of ideas for what to write inside a wedding card
Uncommon Goods is one of our favorite retailers for truly unique gifts, but if you'd rather let the giftee pick out something themselves, this gift card can be a fun, thoughtful gift
If youre not exactly sure what they need right now, Verishop has a little bit of everything  from clothes for the whole family to home goods to beauty products to sex toys
We would like to extend our heartiest congratulations for having a new beautiful house We wish you all the best in making your new house a great place in raising a perfect family
They say that life is not a waste as long as you have one person that cares for you in the world Whenever something gets you down, just remember that you have me!
Candles to enjoy life; Decorations to light life; Presents to share success; Fire Crackers to burn evils; Sweets to sweeten success, And worship to thank god! Wish you a joyous and prosperous Diwali!
If you need some help with the wording that is justperfect for the hand written gift card that accompanies your gift selection, look nofurther We have several suggestions for any gift giving occasion
If youre not sure what your recipient is into these days, a Target gift card is a reliably safe bet as the store carries everything from beauty products to electronics to home dcor
We get itsometimes its hard to find the right words when youre just SO THANKFUL Here are some ideas for what to write if youre enclosing your gift card in a thank-you card
Give the gift of fitness, wellness and beauty treatments, all at once ClassPass lets you pick and choose from your favorite local gyms and salons, booking classes and more with a single click 
The coffee connoisseur in your life will get to pick out exactly what they want from Fellow with this gift card, but were big fans of the brands grinder and Stagg electric kettle
A JCrew gift card would be a welcome present for someone whos back in the office and wants to refresh their basics The retailer makes several Strat-recommended pieces for both men and women
This is an easy way to empower someone to give to a charity close to their heart You designate the amount and general category of charities, and they can decide where the funds go
The Sill is an awesome plant delivery service based out of New York City They offer many different plants (that come with chic planters) like ferns, snake plants and even trendy macrame plant hangers 
Gift the biggest reader in your life a new stack of books, hand-selected by them You may not know their exact taste, but you can't go wrong with a Barnes &amp; Noble gift card 
If he or she is a tech lover or you have had their eye on a certain item, purchase them a Best Buy gift card so they can put it towards their grand purchase! 
If you follow our monthly hauls youve probably seen us mention home dcor from Hay dozens of times Any Strat stan will have no problem filling their cart with some of our favorite items
Really, what can't you find at Target? This is the perfect place to give a gift card from, as the options they can choose from are endless, from technology to clothing, housewares and more 
From its home offerings to clothing for the entire family, anyone will be able to make use of an H&M gift card  and get a lot out of it with the brands affordable pricing
These gift card message ideas are great for when you want the gesture of giving the gift itself to do most of the talking Theyre short, sweet wishes that let them know you care!
We all know travel isnt cheap For the ones with wanderlust in their hearts, your gift card means the worldliterally Have some fun wishing them bon voyage with these message ideas for travel gift cards
In our roundup of the 100 best pens, Baron Figs Rollerball came out on top But the New York Citybased company makes a bunch of other great office gear, too, to upgrade their WFH situation
Bottom line: Pretty much everyone loves (and can use) a gift card The key to making it feel personal is adding a short, sweet or funny message to really drive home how much you care
If they want to shop natural, Black-owned beauty and wellness brands, let them run wild in BLK+GRNs e-store (And here are some tips on how to build a Black-owned skin-care routine to help them out)
Did you expect any different at the number one spot? Amazon is the go-to hub for all things gifting, letting your giftee choose from hundreds of thousands of items at the touch of a button 
It's Fenty Need we say more? Rihanna's makeup and skincare brand has become one of the hottest in the game in the last few years Treat your makeup-obsessed friend to the best of the best 
Parachute makes some of our favorite bathrobes, and is also a great spot to shop for furniture and home goods A gift card can help them splurge on whatever decor or self-care items they need
A Starbucks gift card is certainly not the most original gift  and weve made fun of them before  but you know it will get used (and definitely appreciated) by a bleary-eyed college student or teacher
They probably already have a Spotify account, but this gets them ad-free access A Spotify gift card lets you fund the next few months of a platform they love and use multiple times per day&nbsp;
Mejuri is one of our favorite retailers when it comes to durable, sleek, quality jewelry A gift card can help them pick out everything from everyday gold hoops to dainty rings to add to their collection
Live the pure life with Pura Vida and their array of beautiful string bracelets and other accessories Let your giftee pick their favorite colors and causes, mixing and matching to build a stack of their own 
What's more fun than running wild in a department store with money to spend? Doing it all online Give the gift of a Nordstrom gift card and make their day, letting them shop across all categories 
Nothing is better than the gift of a fully belly with their favorite foods Send them a gift card to Goldbelly and let them pick from top-rated restaurants across the nation, delivered right to their door 
 I just wanted to let you know that I have been thinking about you lately I am reminded of you as I go through my day and I smile I hope these flowers make you smile too
Theyre the type of person who waits in line for midnight showings Of course a movie theater gift card would be right up their alley! Here are some fun ideas for messages to go along with it
If they love nice quality kitchen gear but don't always have the heart to spend the extra money, consider buying them a gift card from Williams Sonoma so they can splurge a little bit more this year! 
Help them turn up the heat in their kitchen with a gift card from Our Place, home of the viral Always Pan The cookware company also sells plates, bowls, cutlery and more, for new and experienced chefs 
Finding a Sephora gift card in a beautiful little card is a makeup lover's dream They can purchase whatever they want from brands like Nars, Tarte, Urban Decay and so many more, including Glossier, as of recently! 
Personalize your thank you note by acknowledging the specific gift you received or the good deed or favor that someone did for you Use words like Generous, Generosity, Useful, Perfect, Thoughtful, Appreciate, Grateful, Much Needed, Always Treasure
The Sill is a great resource for plants in sleek, trendy containers If you're not sure what plant they'd want or what their plant maintenance level is, a gift card leaves it up to them to choose
You may not be there every morning, but this is one of the easier ways to buy them a hot cup of coffee each day There's also a gift card for Dunkin', if that's their preferred caffeine source
Sure, in some cases, they may give you a few hints about what they're interested in, or maybe they're easy to shop for all around  but what about the people who already have everything they could ever want? 
If you can't find the right words to write in your message card or unable to fully express your feelings, take a look at Giftr's collection of card message's ideas to help you in expressing your feelings :)
Airline gift cards are perfect for frequent travelers (and even better for family members who see trips home as opportunities to score more miles on their go-to airline) It's also easier than booking a trip for them yourself
A warm Diwali wish for every happiness May the warmth and splendour, that are a part of this auspicious occasion, fill your life with happiness and bright cheer, and bring to you joy and prosperity, for the whole year
Anthropologie is one of those high-quality retailers your giftee can really appreciate a gift card for They can use the money for gorgeous new clothes, stunning home decor, and even dresses and accessories via BHLDN, the brand's wedding section
If they're huge fans of celebrities and the stars, then they'll be overjoyed to receive a gift card to Cameo With the gift card, they can access thousands of celebrities and request a personalized video message for any occasion 
The fashion guru in your life will be so appreciative of a gift card that allows them to opt into personalized style sent right to their door Or, if they want to shop instantly, they can do that, too! 
Help them add some sparkle to a new house, a dorm room or a beloved space in their home with a gift card to Anthropologie They also sell clothing and accessories, should they want to spruce up their closet, too 
Have a gift to give? Just do it, with Nike The shoe and athletics store is a great place to gift from for new shoes, a hoodie, leggings and more Plus, they deliver via email in two hours or less 
Whether you're outfitting them for their next hike or an afternoon spent in a ski lodge, you get to ensure they'll be able to get exactly the make and model of the boot or sweater they want for the trip&nbsp;
You have been a great hero in my life, the greatest strength Today, because of you Im been bless in so many ways From the bottom of my heart, I want to say Thank You, Dad, for Everything Happy Father's Day!
Furniture, tools, smoke detectors, guest bathroom hand towelsnew homeowners have to buy ALL THE THINGS Give them a hand with all that hassle Just pair it with one of these gift card message ideas for a gesture theyll love you for
An Away Luggage gift card is great for the travel enthusiast in your life They can purchase anything from the brand's website including their great quality but well-priced suitcases that come with a portable charger depending on which size they choose 
Music is a language we all understand If you have a true music lover in your life, sometimes a gift card for some new tunes is the best present ever And weve got inspiration for messages thatll totally be their jam
No recent grad is going to complain about getting money as a gift, no matter how old they are These short, snappy gift card messages are a fun way to tell your grads congrats and help them celebrate at the same time
Most of all the other beautiful things in life come by twos and threes, by dozens and hundreds Plenty of roses, stars, sunsets, rainbows, brothers and sisters, aunts and cousins, comrades and friendsbut only one mother in the whole world Kate Douglas Wiggins
Halie LeSavage is the fashion commerce editor at Harper's BAZAAR Her style reporting covers everything from reviewing the best designer products to profiling emerging brands and designers Previously, she was the founding retail writer at Morning Brew and a fashion associate at Glamour
If Magnolia Bakery's famous banana pudding and yummy cupcakes are calling their name, but they don't live in NYC, give them a gift card to get them some ASAP This sweet treat is a must for any one, as they now deliver nationwide 
If someone is a makeup lover or a skincare junkie on your shopping list, then they'll totally appreciate a gift card from Ulta Beauty Dozens of brands such as Mac Cosmetics, Bare Minerals, Tarte, Urban Decay and so many more are available for purchase 
Diapers, formula, clothes, blankets, baby shampooand thats just the must-have stuff! New parents are in serious need of gift cards, so they can get their preferred brands of whatever it is they need Write them a little note using these message ideas for inspiration
If they can't make it home this year, there's a good chance Goldbelly can bring their local favorite to them A New York pastrami sandwich? A Chicago dog? You can find almost anything from the most cherished delicacies of their hometown, city, or region
We all reach a point where we could use a little extra attention If youre giving someone a gift card for a spa day, or even a massage or service like a manicure or pedicure, these gift card message ideas should come in handy
Buying them a gift card for their favorite store? That shows you know them pretty well, in our opinion Whether they love makeup, shoes, clothes or sporting goodsor all of those thingshopefully these message ideas will help make your gift card feel extra special
An iTunes gift card might be outdated, but an Apple gift card is quite useful You can put it toward a new laptop, AirPods, or any other electronics or accessories sold by Apple, as well as pay for an Apple Music or Apple TV+ subscription
Whether its a college student in need of soup cups or someone struggling with a family illness, theres no blessing like a gift card to help you afford the necessities Let them know how happy you are to be there for them with these ideas
Mothers are such a part of us that it can be hard to talk about them We love them We get mad at them They teach us, even when we don't realize it We resist them No matter what, they are part of us Jane Gilgun
Gift cards for apparel are particularly useful since you may not know imperative details like shoe size If you know they love a brand or have been pining after their own Bean boots, this is a nice way to make it happen without tipping them off&nbsp;
Give the gift of vino with a membership to the Eater Wine Club Itll ship restaurant-quality wine straight to your giftees door, as curated by a wine pro For more subscription service gift ideas, weve rounded up a list of options for all types of people
When someones been in an accident or is experiencing serious illness or health problems, its hard to find mental space to think about the necessities A gift card for these folks can come across as especially helpful and, along with one of these messages, meaningful, too
Make your recipient feel special by surprising them with an unexpected gift Thinking of you flowers can be sent any time a person wants to let another person know that they are in their thoughts Send an encouraging card with a message of warmth and hope
An Amazon gift card is a more polite version of giving them cash They can buy pretty much anything they've had on their wish list, whether it's new and exciting tech or completely utilitarian home basics You can also buy it in a gift card box
Gift cards are the kinds of presents that can seem obvious or unimaginative, a step up from cutting a check and stuffing it into a card But hear us out: They're actually incredibly useful and can even be personal  if you put a little thought into them
There are some people who are inclined to say that gift cards are impersonal But were here to offer the opinion that gift cards can be just as thoughtful as a physical gift In fact, there are several situations in which a gift card can be incredibly meaningful
For the person who moved away from their favorite bakery or brunch spot, Goldbelly will ship food from certain restaurants and other small food businesses nationwide Writer Lauren Ro loves Goldbelly and uses it to ship brunch from New Yorkbased Russ & Daughters to her parents every year
From fancy sit-down places to the best burger joint in town, we all have a favorite restaurant With a gift card to their favorite spot for sustenance, youre showing you know them AND treating them to something nice Here are some options for messages to go along with it
Brooklinen makes the best high-end sheets at some of the best prices on the internet Have a gift card&nbsp;delivered digitally or in a gift card box They can choose from sheets made from linen, cashmere, and more The company's weighted comforter is the top pick in our buying guide
Give them a new pair of sneakers, some new athletic gear, or cool athleisure with a gift card that lets them pick out their favorite pieces Adidas has physical gift cards, e-gift cards, and a bulk gift card offer if you're looking to buy cards for a big group
To help, we bunched up all the gift cards below into different categories, so you can jump right to what you think your gift recipient would want the most Oh, and psst: Digital gift cards and subscriptions just happen to make excellent last-minute gifts if you're in a pinch
College is crazy expensive Add the fact that they have little time to actually work and youre looking at a seriously strapped student Thats why a gift card for the heck of it can really mean so much Here are some ideas for a message to send along with it
While more of a gift membership per se, an annual membership to MasterClass still functions like a gift card because they'll get unlimited access to hundreds of celebrity and expert-led online courses, effectively choosing how they want to use their yearly subscription You can read more about MasterClass's offerings here
While technically a subscription and not a card, this service gives your giftee credits to pick out whichever audiobooks they want (1 credit = 1 book) It's particularly great for people who love to read but find themselves pressed for time  they can use this to read on the go
Sending a gift card along with your thank you is like the cherry on top of an ice-cream sundaeyou dont have to include it, but theres something about it that takes it to the next level Add some sweet words with your next-level appreciation gesture with these gift card message ideas
Yet another giving occasion that comes every year! Gift cards at Christmas are a great way to take the stress off when youve got a big list to shop foror just people who are hard to shop for Make the gift extra merry with these message ideas for Christmas gift cards
If they're someone who enjoys fitness (or is still figuring out what workouts they like), money put towards a ClassPass subscription can help them try out the service A monthly membership lets them sample boutique fitness classes in their area and can even include self-care appointments with spas or nail salons
Like gift cards for groceries, meal delivery gift cards can really come in handy Whether youre giving them in a time of need (new baby, recovering from an accident or illness, etc) or you just want to spoil them a little, here are some gift card message ideas to accompany your thoughtfulness
Just because a gift is convenient doesnt mean it has to be impersonal! You can still add a few heartfelt or fun words to make it specialyes, even in that tiny little box they give you to write in Here are some online gift card messages that keep things short and sweet
The Strategistis designed to surface the most useful, expert recommendations for things to buy across the vast e-commerce landscape Some of our latest conquests include the bestwomens jeans,rolling luggage,pillows for side sleepers,ultraflattering pants, andbath towels We update links when possible, but note that deals can expire and all prices are subject to change
Whether it's for a birthday, graduation, Easter (which is coming up!), Mother or Father's day (also coming up, but you have a few more weeks to prep for those), a housewarming, or just to say thank you, sometimes it feels like finding the perfect gift for friends, family, or co-workers is downright impossible
Gift cards are such a great birthday gift Even the best gift-getter has to admit that since birthdays come around EVERY YEARyou kinda start to run out of ideas eventually! Pair your gift card with one of these message ideas for a fun birthday present thatll bring them joy after the big day is over
What do you get your adult siblings that they cant already get for themselves? Or your parents for that matter?? At this point, its about showing them you know them And a gift card to their favorite place is a great way to do that Include one of these gift card message ideas and youre set
Youd like to think youd never have to buy your significant other a gift card, but after 20-some-odd-years of marriage and countless birthdays, holidays and anniversaries, they might really just appreciate that opportunity to get exactly what they want And thats 100% okay Just make sure you write something sweet or funny to go with it
It happens to the best of us: Whether youve forgotten an upcoming birthday or anniversary, underestimated how long shipping will take, or just put off shopping for a present until the 11th hour, youve found yourself empty-handed, sans a physical gift That means its time to pull out the Hail Mary thats guaranteed to delight: the e-gift card
Someone with a solid coffee habit might hold back on their daily order in an effort to be budget conscious But your gift card lets them get that double-blended, extra shot, with whip thing that they only treat themselves to occasionally Here are some message ideas that will warm their hearts while their coffee is warming their belly
But, just like greeting cards, its the words from you that make a gesture special So we got our writers to come up with gift card message ideas for every giving situation we could think of From groceries to spa days and just because to birthdays, here are dozens of ideas for messages to accompany your gift card
Its not our best idea, but an e-gift card will at least let your giftees pick out what they want and have something to open  even if its just an email Plus there are nearly endless options, from nice-to-have gift cards for their favorite clothing store to truly useful ones for services or stores where they do their daily shopping
Trust us, there are people out there who would be SO HAPPY to get a Gold Crown gift card Like Keepsake Ornament collectors Or those people who always have little gifts on hand for others Or your Aunt Vickyyouve seen her gift-wrapping station, right? If you got them a Gold Crown gift card, weve got message ideas to make them smile
White elephant gifts Work anniversaries Making you laugh after you bombed that horrible presentation There are tons of reasons you might get your co-worker a gift card! But if youre worried itll come off weird (it wont), pairing it with one of these gift card message ideas is a good way to make it feel less like youre just giving them money
These days, couples are marrying later in life, which means theyre much more likely to be set with towels and dishes So a gift card is a fine way to help the happy couple start their new life (Better yet, gives them something to do togethershop!) Add one of these ideas for wedding gift card messages, and youve got a sweet gift theyll appreciate
If you know the recipient well enough (and you know theyll appreciate it!), a little humor is sometimes just the thing to brighten someones day in the hospital However, if your colleague is the serious sort or youre not very close, its safer to stick with more formal sentiments Don't use cliches like, "There must be a reason" These well-known phrases have hardly any meaning, seem insincere, and can offend the ill person
When you are sending flowers, we will include your personal message hand-written (or printed) on a note card The card is small, so your message should be short and sweet Be sure to include your name so your recipient knows who is sending the gift It is not always easy to write a heartfelt message that expresses how you feel, especially at a time of sorrow so we have written some card suggestions for different occasions
These days, pretty much every retailer out there offers gift cards to customers, making it easy to snag a card from your giftee's favorite store, from Amazon to Pottery Barn, and everywhere in-between Read below for a list of 61 our top picks, for food, housewares, clothing, makeup, cake, car services, glasses, and more, and take a deep breath Whoever you're getting a gift for, they can figure it out for themselves With your help, at least 
To get you started, here are 95 different gift cards to Strat-approved retailers that will delight anyone on your list, from the gamer to the avid cook to the jet-setter If you want to earn bonus points for presentation, we recommend taking the extra step of printing out the gift card (even though a code will be emailed to them) and sticking it in a (thoughtful!) card Or better yet, put the printout in a box and wrap it up Its the little things that count
Most people have a fear that they are going to upset or offend the person who will receive their sympathy words Anxiety sets in as you try to find the correct sympathy card wordingDon't use phrases like "I know what you are going through" - the reason is that you probably don't know what the person is going through, and even if you do it can come across as minimizing the suffering and pain the receiving person is feeling Below we offer more suitable choices for your sympathy message
A good place to start is by thinking of what your giftee could really use right now Did they just move to a new home or apartment? Get them a card to buy kitchen essentials or home decor Are they starting a new job or internship? Money for work-appropriate clothes could go a long way Have they been going through a rough patch or need a little help taking a break? You can go in on a gift card that helps them travel, splurge on scented candles, or snag some snacks
